
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.132689                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                132689045000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               132689045000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 525201                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   744748                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              990262559                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 247408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   133.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    70373628                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      99791654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           7924480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              8179968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       255488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          255488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5370176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           5370176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             123820                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                127812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83909                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83909                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1925464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             59722187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                61647651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1925464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1925464                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          40471887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               40471887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          40471887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1925464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            59722187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              102119538                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                    102119538                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               25532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              25532                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             83909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            102280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           102280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       339533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 339533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     13550144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            13550144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               13550144                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           882993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1150308000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1946                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        265378090                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    70373628                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      99791654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              91472780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     56                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     3311620                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     10748863                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     91472780                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            56                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           533542872                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           96252285                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   36                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  20                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      47862847                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    27307108                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   20555739                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  265378090                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             16890                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1736.497265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            78126161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             18908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           4131.910355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1736.497265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.847899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.847899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     78126161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        78126161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      78126161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         78126161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     78126161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        78126161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         18908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          18908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         18908                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    413722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    413722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    413722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    413722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    413722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    413722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     78145069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     78145069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     78145069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     78145069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     78145069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     78145069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21880.791199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21880.791199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21880.791199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21880.791199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21880.791199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21880.791199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    375906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    375906000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    375906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    375906000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    375906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    375906000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19880.791199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19880.791199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19880.791199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19880.791199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 19880.791199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19880.791199                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            94693                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30368.194893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs              74295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           125788                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.590637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 27745.868937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1154.037281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1468.288674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.846737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.035218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.044809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.926764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        14916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        31426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total          46342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       128239                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       128239                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         4752                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         4752                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        14916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        36178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total           51094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        14916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        36178                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total          51094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         3992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        21540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        25532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       102280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       102280                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       123820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        127812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       123820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       127812                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1126741000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1334579000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5318574000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5318574000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6445315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6653153000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    207838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6445315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6653153000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        52966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71874                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       128239                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       128239                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       107032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       107032                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       178906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        18908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       178906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.211128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.406676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.355233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955602                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.955602                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.211128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.714409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.211128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.714409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52063.627255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52309.238626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52270.836597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52000.136879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.136879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52063.627255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52053.908900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52054.212437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52063.627255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52053.908900                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52054.212437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        83909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            83909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       102280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       102280                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       123820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       127812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       123820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       127812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    159934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    868261000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1028195000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4091214000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4091214000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    159934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4959475000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5119409000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    159934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4959475000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5119409000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.211128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.406676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.211128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.211128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.773885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.714409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40063.627255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40309.238626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40270.836597                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40000.136879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40000.136879                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40063.627255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40053.908900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40054.212437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40063.627255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40053.908900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40054.212437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            155902                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4076.954355                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            46862074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            159998                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            292.891624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1072595000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4076.954355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.995350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     27087367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        27087367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     19742869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       19742869                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      46830236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         46830236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     46830236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        46830236                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        52966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         52966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       107032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       107032                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         159998                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        159998                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1599899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1599899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5687190000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5687190000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7287089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7287089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7287089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7287089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     27140333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27140333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     19849901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     19849901                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        15919                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15919                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     46990234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     46990234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     46990234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     46990234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30206.151116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30206.151116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53135.417445                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53135.417445                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45544.875561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45544.875561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 45544.875561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45544.875561                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       128239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            128239                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        52966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       107032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       107032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       159998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       159998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       159998                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1493967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1493967000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5473126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5473126000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6967093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6967093000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6967093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6967093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005392                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28206.151116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28206.151116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51135.417445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51135.417445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43544.875561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43544.875561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43544.875561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43544.875561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               148145463                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          71874                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         71874                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       128239                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       107032                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       107032                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        37816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       448235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total            486051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1210112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     18447168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total       19657280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus          19657280                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      281811500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      28362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     239997000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
