
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.525834                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                525834342000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               525834342000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 414348                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   529728                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              798851724                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 248008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   658.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   272739283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     348687122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            166976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            270272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               437248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       166976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          166976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               4223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  6832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               317545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data               513987                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                  831532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          317545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             317545                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              317545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data              513987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                 831532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                       831532                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3976                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              2856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             2856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        13664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       437248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total              437248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 437248                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6832000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           61488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  191                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1051668684                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   272739283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     348687122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             279584917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses              114216705                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    12448615                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     18105896                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    279584917                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                     114216705                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2212913168                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          251197902                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads            180262959                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes           126152315                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     177024356                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    94648757                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   82375599                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1051668684                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             13796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1765.993223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           348644747                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             15603                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          22344.725181                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1765.993223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.862301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.862301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    348644747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       348644747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     348644747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        348644747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    348644747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       348644747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         15603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          15603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         15603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    312417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312417000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    312417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    312417000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    312417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    312417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    348660350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    348660350                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    348660350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    348660350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    348660350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    348660350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20022.880215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20022.880215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20022.880215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20022.880215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 20022.880215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20022.880215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    281211000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    281211000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    281211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    281211000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18022.880215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18022.880215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18022.880215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18022.880215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 18022.880215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18022.880215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         3487.723791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs              13310                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             4882                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             2.726342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   341.616093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2408.399470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   737.708228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.010425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.073499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.022513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.106437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        12994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total          13233                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks          998                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total          998                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        12994                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total           13249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        12994                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data          255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total          13249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         2856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         2856                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          6832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2609                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         4223                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         6832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    135668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     71084000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    206752000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    148512000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    148512000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    135668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    219596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    355264000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    135668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    219596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    355264000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        17209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          998                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total          998                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         2872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         2872                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total        20081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        15603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total        20081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.851183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.231042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.994429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943055                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.340222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943055                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.340222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         2856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104360000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     54680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    159040000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    114240000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114240000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    168920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    273280000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    104360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    168920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    273280000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.851183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.167211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.943055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              1332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3078.412981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           176641599                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              4478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          39446.538410                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3078.412981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.751566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.751566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     94570004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        94570004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     82049805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       82049805                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data        10895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        10895                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data        10895                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        10895                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     176619809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        176619809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    176619809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       176619809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         2872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2872                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           4478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          4478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     78292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    157288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157288000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    235580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    235580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    235580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    235580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     94571610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94571610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     82052677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     82052677                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data        10895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        10895                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data        10895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        10895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    176624287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    176624287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    176624287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    176624287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 48749.688667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48749.688667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54766.016713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54766.016713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52608.307280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52608.307280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52608.307280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52608.307280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         2872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4478                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     75080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    151544000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    151544000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    226624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    226624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226624000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 46749.688667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46749.688667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52766.016713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52766.016713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50608.307280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50608.307280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 50608.307280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50608.307280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                 2565553                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq          17209                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp         17209                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback          998                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         2872                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2872                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        31206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         9954                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             41160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       998592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       350464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total        1349056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus           1349056                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       11537500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      23404500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       6717000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
