
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                             8032030639                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 228596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    12.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu                     64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                   64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu           213329152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total         213329152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu                       1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                     1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu                3333268                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              3333268                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu                       640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                     640                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu               2133291520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total             2133291520                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu               2133292160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2133292160                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                   2133292160                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq            3333268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp           3333267                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.monitor-master::system.physmem.port      6666537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6666537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.monitor-master::system.physmem.port    213329216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           213329216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              213329216                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         16666342328                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              16.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy         3333272000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::samples            1                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::mean           64                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    64.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::0-3             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::4-7             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::8-11            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::12-15            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::16-19            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::20-23            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::24-27            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::28-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::32-35            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::36-39            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::40-43            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::44-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::48-51            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::52-55            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::56-59            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::60-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::64-67            1    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::total            1                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::samples      3333268                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::mean           64                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean    64.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::0-3            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::4-7            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::8-11            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::12-15            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::16-19            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::20-23            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::24-27            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::28-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::32-35            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::36-39            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::40-43            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::44-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::48-51            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::52-55            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::56-59            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::60-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::64-67      3333268    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::total      3333268                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::mean            640                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::gmean             0                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::stdev          6400                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::0-4095           99     99.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::4096-8191            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::8192-12287            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::12288-16383            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::16384-20479            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::20480-24575            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::24576-28671            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::28672-32767            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::32768-36863            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::36864-40959            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::40960-45055            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::45056-49151            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::49152-53247            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::53248-57343            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::57344-61439            0      0.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::61440-65535            1      1.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::65536-69631            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::69632-73727            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::73728-77823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::77824-81919            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::total           100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.averageReadBandwidth               640      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.totalReadBytes                      64                       # Number of bytes read
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::mean    2133291520                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::gmean 2133291510.261604                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::stdev       204800                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09          100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::total          100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.averageWriteBandwidth       2133291520      0.00%      0.00% # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.totalWrittenBytes            213329152                       # Number of bytes written
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::samples             1                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::mean            30000                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::gmean    30000.000000                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::stdev             nan                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::0-2047              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::28672-30719            1    100.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::total               1                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::samples      3333267                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::mean    30000.000098                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::gmean   30000.000081                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::stdev       0.179655                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::0-2047             0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::28672-30719      3333267    100.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::32768-34815            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::total        3333267                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.ittReadRead::samples                 0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::mean                  nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::stdev                 nan                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::underflows              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::1-5000                  0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::5001-10000              0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::10001-15000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::15001-20000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::20001-25000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::25001-30000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::30001-35000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::35001-40000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::40001-45000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::45001-50000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::50001-55000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::55001-60000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::60001-65000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::65001-70000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::70001-75000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::75001-80000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::80001-85000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::85001-90000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::90001-95000             0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::overflows               0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::min_value               0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::max_value               0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::total                   0                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::samples         3333267                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::mean       30000.595310                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::stdev        547.340980                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0      0.00%      0.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000      3333167    100.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000           99      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::overflows             1      0.00%    100.00% # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::min_value         30000                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::max_value       1024328                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::total           3333267                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::samples             3333268                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::mean           30000.587712                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::stdev            547.516688                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::1-5000                    1      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::25001-30000         3333167    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::30001-35000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::35001-40000              99      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::40001-45000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::45001-50000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::50001-55000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::55001-60000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::60001-65000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::65001-70000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::70001-75000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::75001-80000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::80001-85000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::85001-90000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::90001-95000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::95001-100000              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::overflows                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::min_value              4672                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::max_value           1024328                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::total               3333268                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::samples          100                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::0            100    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::1              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::2              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::3              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::4              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::5              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::6              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::7              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::total          100                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::samples          100                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::mean            1                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            1                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::0             0      0.00%      0.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::1           100    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::2             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::3             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::4             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::5             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::6             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::7             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::8             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::9             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::total          100                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.readTransHist::samples             100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::mean           0.010000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::gmean                 0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::stdev          0.100000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::0                    99     99.00%     99.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::1                     1      1.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::2                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::3                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::4                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::5                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::6                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::7                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::8                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::9                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::10                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::11                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::12                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::13                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::14                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::15                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::16                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::17                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::18                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::19                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::total               100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::samples            100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::mean      33332.680000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::gmean     33332.679848                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::stdev         3.200000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::0-2047               0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::2048-4095            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::4096-6143            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::6144-8191            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::32768-34815          100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::total              100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.cpu.numPackets                         3333269                       # Number of packets generated
system.cpu.numRetries                               1                       # Number of retries
system.cpu.retryTicks                            1672                       # Time spent waiting due to back-pressure (ticks)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
