
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.100000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100000000000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               100000000000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                            20181472495                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 192916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu              213331136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            213331136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu                 3333299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               3333299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu                2133311360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              2133311360                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu               2133311360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2133311360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       3333300                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     3333300                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                213331200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 213331200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              217600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              217600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              217600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              217600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              210100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             204800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     99999960000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 3333300                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   3150208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     42074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     12823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                     16917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                     17049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                     12952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                     17179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     12823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     16917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     17049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    12820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     4489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        38918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     5478.771982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    4240.637477                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    2732.249719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-65            284      0.73%      0.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-129          264      0.68%      1.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-193          268      0.69%      2.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-321          268      0.69%      2.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-385          266      0.68%      3.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-449          271      0.70%      4.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-577          268      0.69%      4.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-641          264      0.68%      5.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-705          268      0.69%      6.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-833          270      0.69%      6.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-897          267      0.69%      7.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-961          268      0.69%      8.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          268      0.69%      8.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          264      0.68%      9.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          270      0.69%     10.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281            3      0.01%     10.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          268      0.69%     11.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          264      0.68%     11.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          268      0.69%     12.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          268      0.69%     13.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          267      0.69%     13.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          271      0.70%     14.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          268      0.69%     15.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          264      0.68%     15.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          268      0.69%     16.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          271      0.70%     17.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177          266      0.68%     17.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241          268      0.69%     18.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369          268      0.69%     19.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433          264      0.68%     19.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          271      0.70%     20.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            2      0.01%     20.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625          268      0.69%     21.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689          264      0.68%     22.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          268      0.69%     22.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          268      0.69%     23.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          267      0.69%     24.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          270      0.69%     24.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          268      0.69%     25.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          264      0.68%     26.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          268      0.69%     26.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          349      0.90%     27.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          264      0.68%     28.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          268      0.69%     29.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          268      0.69%     29.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          264      0.68%     30.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          268      0.69%     31.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          268      0.69%     31.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          264      0.68%     32.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          268      0.69%     33.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          268      0.69%     33.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          264      0.68%     34.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          268      0.69%     35.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          268      0.69%     35.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          264      0.68%     36.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          268      0.69%     37.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          268      0.69%     38.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          264      0.68%     38.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          268      0.69%     39.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          268      0.69%     40.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          264      0.68%     40.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          268      0.69%     41.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          267      0.69%     42.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          264      0.68%     42.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          268      0.69%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          267      0.69%     44.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          264      0.68%     44.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          268      0.69%     45.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          267      0.69%     46.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          264      0.68%     46.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          268      0.69%     47.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          267      0.69%     48.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          264      0.68%     48.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          268      0.69%     49.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          267      0.69%     50.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          264      0.68%     51.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          268      0.69%     51.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          267      0.69%     52.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          264      0.68%     53.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          268      0.69%     53.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          267      0.69%     54.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          264      0.68%     55.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          268      0.69%     55.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          267      0.69%     56.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          264      0.68%     57.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          268      0.69%     57.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          268      0.69%     58.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          264      0.68%     59.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          268      0.69%     59.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          268      0.69%     60.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          264      0.68%     61.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          268      0.69%     61.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          268      0.69%     62.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          264      0.68%     63.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          268      0.69%     64.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          268      0.69%     64.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          264      0.68%     65.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          268      0.69%     66.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        13193     33.90%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          38918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                    27766345550                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               88702111800                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  16666500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 44269266250                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8329.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13280.91                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  26610.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        2133.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                     2133.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                          16.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                      16.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.89                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                    3294382                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   98.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        30000.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      98.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.00                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                   2133311360                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             3333300                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            3333299                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.monitor-master::system.physmem.port      6666599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                6666599                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.monitor-master::system.physmem.port    213331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           213331136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              213331136                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          6333270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               6.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy        17154822550                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             17.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::samples      3333300                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::mean           64                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::gmean    64.000000                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::0-3             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::4-7             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::8-11            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::12-15            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::16-19            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::20-23            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::24-27            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::28-31            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::32-35            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::36-39            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::40-43            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::44-47            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::48-51            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::52-55            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::56-59            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::60-63            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::64-67      3333300    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::68-71            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::72-75            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::76-79            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBurstLengthHist::total      3333300                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::samples            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::mean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::0              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::1              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::2              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::3              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::4              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::5              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::6              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::7              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::8              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::9              0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::10             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::11             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::12             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::13             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::14             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::15             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::16             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::17             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::18             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::19             0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.writeBurstLengthHist::total            0                       # Histogram of burst lengths of transmitted packets
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::mean     2133311360                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::gmean  2133311357.398473                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::stdev  105886.111402                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::0-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09          100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.readBandwidthHist::total           100                       # Histogram of read bandwidth per sample period (bytes/s)
system.monitor.averageReadBandwidth        2133311360      0.00%      0.00% # Average read bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.totalReadBytes               213331136                       # Number of bytes read
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::samples          100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::mean             0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::gmean            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::stdev            0                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::0              100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::1                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::2                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::3                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::4                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::5                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::6                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::7                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::8                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::9                0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::10               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::11               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::12               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::13               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::14               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::15               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::16               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::17               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::18               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::19               0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.writeBandwidthHist::total          100                       # Histogram of write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.averageWriteBandwidth                0                       # Average write bandwidth (bytes/s)
system.monitor.totalWrittenBytes                    0                       # Number of bytes written
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::samples       3333299                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::mean     46636.264419                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::gmean    41775.198419                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::stdev    39874.537130                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::0-32767             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::32768-65535      3183561     95.51%     95.51% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::65536-98303        17049      0.51%     96.02% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::98304-131071        17311      0.52%     96.54% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::131072-163839        16920      0.51%     97.05% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::163840-196607        17049      0.51%     97.56% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::196608-229375        17311      0.52%     98.08% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::229376-262143        16917      0.51%     98.58% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::262144-294911        17052      0.51%     99.10% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::294912-327679        12954      0.39%     99.48% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::327680-360447        17175      0.52%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::360448-393215            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::393216-425983            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::425984-458751            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::458752-491519            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::491520-524287            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::524288-557055            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::557056-589823            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::589824-622591            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::622592-655359            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.readLatencyHist::total         3333299                       # Read request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::samples            0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::mean             nan                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::gmean            nan                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::stdev            nan                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::0                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::1                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::2                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::3                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::4                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::5                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::6                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::7                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::8                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::9                  0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::10                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::11                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::12                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::13                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::14                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::15                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::16                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::17                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::18                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::19                 0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.writeLatencyHist::total              0                       # Write request-response latency
system.monitor.ittReadRead::samples           3333299                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::mean         30000.297003                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::stdev           54.497186                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::1-5000                  0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::5001-10000              0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::10001-15000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::15001-20000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::20001-25000             0      0.00%      0.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::25001-30000       3333200    100.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::30001-35000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::35001-40000            99      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::40001-45000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::45001-50000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::50001-55000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::55001-60000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::60001-65000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::65001-70000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::70001-75000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::75001-80000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::80001-85000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::85001-90000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::90001-95000             0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::95001-100000            0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::min_value           30000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::max_value           40000                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReadRead::total             3333299                       # Read-to-read inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::samples               0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::mean                nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::stdev               nan                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::underflows            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::1-5000                0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::5001-10000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::10001-15000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::15001-20000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::20001-25000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::25001-30000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::30001-35000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::35001-40000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::40001-45000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::45001-50000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::50001-55000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::55001-60000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::60001-65000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::65001-70000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::70001-75000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::75001-80000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::80001-85000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::85001-90000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::90001-95000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::95001-100000            0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::overflows             0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::min_value             0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::max_value             0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittWriteWrite::total                 0                       # Write-to-write inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::samples             3333299                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::mean           30000.297003                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::stdev             54.497186                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::underflows                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::1-5000                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::5001-10000                0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::10001-15000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::15001-20000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::20001-25000               0      0.00%      0.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::25001-30000         3333200    100.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::30001-35000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::35001-40000              99      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::40001-45000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::45001-50000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::50001-55000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::55001-60000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::60001-65000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::65001-70000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::70001-75000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::75001-80000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::80001-85000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::85001-90000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::90001-95000               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::95001-100000              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::overflows                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::min_value             30000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::max_value             40000                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.ittReqReq::total               3333299                       # Request-to-request inter transaction time
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::samples          100                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::mean     1.270000                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::gmean     1.105133                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::stdev     1.135782                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::0              0      0.00%      0.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::1             94     94.00%     94.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::2              0      0.00%     94.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::3              0      0.00%     94.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::4              3      3.00%     97.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::5              0      0.00%     97.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::6              0      0.00%     97.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::7              3      3.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::8              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::9              0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::10             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::11             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::12             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::13             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::14             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::15             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::16             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::17             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::18             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::19             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingReadsHist::total          100                       # Outstanding read transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::samples          100                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::mean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::gmean            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::stdev            0                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::0           100    100.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::1             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::2             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::3             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::4             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::5             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::6             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::7             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::8             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::9             0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::11            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::12            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::13            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::14            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::15            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::16            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::17            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::18            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::19            0      0.00%    100.00% # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.outstandingWritesHist::total          100                       # Outstanding write transactions
system.monitor.readTransHist::samples             100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::mean              33333                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::gmean      33333.000000                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::stdev                 0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::0-2047                0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::2048-4095             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::4096-6143             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::6144-8191             0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::8192-10239            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::10240-12287            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::12288-14335            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::14336-16383            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::16384-18431            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::18432-20479            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::20480-22527            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::22528-24575            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::24576-26623            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::26624-28671            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::28672-30719            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::30720-32767            0      0.00%      0.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::32768-34815          100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::34816-36863            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::36864-38911            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::38912-40959            0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.readTransHist::total               100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::samples            100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::mean                 0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::gmean                0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::stdev                0                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::0                  100    100.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::1                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::2                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::3                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::4                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::5                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::6                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::7                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::8                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::9                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::10                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::11                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::12                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::13                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::14                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::15                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::16                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::17                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::18                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::19                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.monitor.writeTransHist::total              100                       # Histogram of read transactions per sample period
system.cpu.numPackets                         3333300                       # Number of packets generated
system.cpu.numRetries                               0                       # Number of retries
system.cpu.retryTicks                               0                       # Time spent waiting due to back-pressure (ticks)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
