
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.549345                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2549345168000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2549345168000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48945                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    62980                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2068782078                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 448444                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1232.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60314699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77609228                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    121110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker         1856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           498624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4680272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker         1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           301248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          4410392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            131004072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       498624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       301248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          799872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3784640                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1521380                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       1494720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6800740                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      15138816                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             73163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             68918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              15293442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           59135                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           380345                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           373680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               813160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47506524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           728                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              195589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1835872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           402                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              118167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1730010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51387342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         195589                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         118167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             313756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1484554                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             596773                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data             586315                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2667642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1484554                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47506524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          728                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             195589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            2432645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          402                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             118167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2316325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54054984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      15293442                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       813160                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    15293442                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     813160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                978220224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                    560064                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   6909248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 131004072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                6800740                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     8751                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  705188                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           4685                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              955866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              955512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              954595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              954812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              955762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              955910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              954892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              954654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              956247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              955899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             954311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             954068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             956211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             955980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             955097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             954875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                6687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                6461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               6911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2549344036000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                      42                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                15138816                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  154584                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 754025                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  59135                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1194358                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                   1134175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                   1088302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3688965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2641659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2636525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2648641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     52098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     58013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     20372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    20352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    20320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    20270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    20227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    20195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    20165                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5013                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      4913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      4910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      4927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      4839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     4754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     4743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     4728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     4706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5063                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        86636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    11370.889515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    1019.409545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   16839.040635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          23447     27.06%     27.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        14187     16.38%     43.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         2756      3.18%     46.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2051      2.37%     48.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1336      1.54%     50.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1207      1.39%     51.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          834      0.96%     52.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1069      1.23%     54.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          542      0.63%     54.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          595      0.69%     55.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          544      0.63%     56.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          497      0.57%     56.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          259      0.30%     56.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          256      0.30%     57.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          151      0.17%     57.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          457      0.53%     57.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          109      0.13%     58.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          146      0.17%     58.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           72      0.08%     58.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          245      0.28%     58.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           63      0.07%     58.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          509      0.59%     59.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           29      0.03%     59.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          238      0.27%     59.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           21      0.02%     59.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671          111      0.13%     59.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           24      0.03%     59.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          197      0.23%     59.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           24      0.03%     59.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           41      0.05%     60.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           13      0.02%     60.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          375      0.43%     60.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119           14      0.02%     60.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           36      0.04%     60.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           11      0.01%     60.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311          279      0.32%     60.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375            8      0.01%     60.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           26      0.03%     60.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503            6      0.01%     60.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           24      0.03%     60.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631           10      0.01%     60.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695           21      0.02%     60.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759            7      0.01%     61.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823          158      0.18%     61.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887            8      0.01%     61.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           20      0.02%     61.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015           12      0.01%     61.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          221      0.26%     61.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143           10      0.01%     61.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207           16      0.02%     61.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            7      0.01%     61.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335           86      0.10%     61.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            7      0.01%     61.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463           12      0.01%     61.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527           13      0.02%     61.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           93      0.11%     61.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            7      0.01%     61.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           17      0.02%     61.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783            7      0.01%     61.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847          145      0.17%     61.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911           10      0.01%     61.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975           20      0.02%     62.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039           16      0.02%     62.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          418      0.48%     62.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            6      0.01%     62.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231           13      0.02%     62.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            5      0.01%     62.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           16      0.02%     62.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423           22      0.03%     62.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487           16      0.02%     62.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551           10      0.01%     62.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615          214      0.25%     62.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            6      0.01%     62.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743           10      0.01%     62.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            2      0.00%     62.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871           11      0.01%     62.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935           11      0.01%     62.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999            9      0.01%     62.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            5      0.01%     62.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          326      0.38%     63.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            6      0.01%     63.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255           11      0.01%     63.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            8      0.01%     63.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           81      0.09%     63.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447           11      0.01%     63.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511           14      0.02%     63.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            6      0.01%     63.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639          112      0.13%     63.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            3      0.00%     63.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767           16      0.02%     63.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            7      0.01%     63.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          131      0.15%     63.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            3      0.00%     63.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023           12      0.01%     63.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087           12      0.01%     63.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          585      0.68%     64.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6215            5      0.01%     64.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279            9      0.01%     64.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            3      0.00%     64.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           63      0.07%     64.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6471            2      0.00%     64.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535           10      0.01%     64.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            4      0.00%     64.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663            9      0.01%     64.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6727            6      0.01%     64.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791           18      0.02%     64.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            6      0.01%     64.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919          188      0.22%     64.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6983            4      0.00%     64.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            8      0.01%     64.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111           12      0.01%     64.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          264      0.30%     65.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7239            3      0.00%     65.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303            8      0.01%     65.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367           14      0.02%     65.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431           15      0.02%     65.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7495            4      0.00%     65.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7559            8      0.01%     65.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7623            3      0.00%     65.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687          139      0.16%     65.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7751            1      0.00%     65.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7815            8      0.01%     65.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7879            5      0.01%     65.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           78      0.09%     65.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            7      0.01%     65.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          491      0.57%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8263            1      0.00%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8327            1      0.00%     66.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           73      0.08%     66.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711          137      0.16%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8839            1      0.00%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967            1      0.00%     66.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          257      0.30%     66.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479          183      0.21%     66.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735            1      0.00%     66.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           57      0.07%     66.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          569      0.66%     67.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10432-10439            1      0.00%     67.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           64      0.07%     67.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           98      0.11%     67.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           68      0.08%     67.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          311      0.36%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527            1      0.00%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11648-11655            1      0.00%     68.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783          192      0.22%     68.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11904-11911            1      0.00%     68.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12224-12231            1      0.00%     68.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          384      0.44%     68.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12359            1      0.00%     68.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551          130      0.15%     69.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           71      0.08%     69.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12928-12935            1      0.00%     69.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063           66      0.08%     69.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          202      0.23%     69.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575          137      0.16%     69.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831            4      0.00%     69.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087          238      0.27%     69.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14272-14279            1      0.00%     69.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          326      0.38%     70.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14528-14535            1      0.00%     70.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599          131      0.15%     70.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           64      0.07%     70.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15047            1      0.00%     70.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111          130      0.15%     70.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          263      0.30%     70.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15431            1      0.00%     70.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879          128      0.15%     71.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16007            1      0.00%     71.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           62      0.07%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16320-16327            1      0.00%     71.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          773      0.89%     72.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           60      0.07%     72.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16704-16711            1      0.00%     72.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903          129      0.15%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17024-17031            1      0.00%     72.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          261      0.30%     72.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671          130      0.15%     72.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           64      0.07%     72.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183          130      0.15%     72.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          328      0.38%     73.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18496-18503            1      0.00%     73.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695          242      0.28%     73.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18816-18823            1      0.00%     73.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951            2      0.00%     73.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207          137      0.16%     73.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19264-19271            1      0.00%     73.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          198      0.23%     73.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19520-19527            2      0.00%     73.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19584-19591            2      0.00%     73.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19648-19655            1      0.00%     73.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719           63      0.07%     74.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           69      0.08%     74.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231          129      0.15%     74.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          386      0.45%     74.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20608-20615            1      0.00%     74.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20864-20871            1      0.00%     74.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20928-20935            1      0.00%     74.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999          194      0.22%     74.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21376-21383            1      0.00%     74.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          312      0.36%     75.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           67      0.08%     75.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           97      0.11%     75.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           65      0.08%     75.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          568      0.66%     76.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           55      0.06%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22848-22855            1      0.00%     76.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22912-22919            2      0.00%     76.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047            2      0.00%     76.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303          183      0.21%     76.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          257      0.30%     76.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815            1      0.00%     76.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071          135      0.16%     76.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           73      0.08%     77.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24448-24455            1      0.00%     77.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          388      0.45%     77.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24640-24647            1      0.00%     77.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           72      0.08%     77.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24896-24903            2      0.00%     77.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095          137      0.16%     77.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25152-25159            1      0.00%     77.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25216-25223            1      0.00%     77.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351            1      0.00%     77.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          257      0.30%     78.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863          182      0.21%     78.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25984-25991            1      0.00%     78.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26048-26055            2      0.00%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119            1      0.00%     78.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           55      0.06%     78.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          568      0.66%     78.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           64      0.07%     79.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           98      0.11%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           69      0.08%     79.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          312      0.36%     79.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27968-27975            1      0.00%     79.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167          192      0.22%     79.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28224-28231            1      0.00%     79.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423            2      0.00%     79.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28544-28551            2      0.00%     79.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          387      0.45%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28800-28807            1      0.00%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935          130      0.15%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29056-29063            1      0.00%     80.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           70      0.08%     80.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29376-29383            1      0.00%     80.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447           64      0.07%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          199      0.23%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29824-29831            1      0.00%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29888-29895            1      0.00%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959          138      0.16%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215            2      0.00%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471          236      0.27%     81.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          324      0.37%     81.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30912-30919            1      0.00%     81.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983          131      0.15%     81.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31040-31047            1      0.00%     81.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           65      0.08%     81.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495          131      0.15%     81.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31552-31559            1      0.00%     81.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          262      0.30%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32192-32199            1      0.00%     82.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263          128      0.15%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           61      0.07%     82.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          772      0.89%     83.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32832-32839            1      0.00%     83.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32896-32903            1      0.00%     83.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           61      0.07%     83.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287          129      0.15%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543            2      0.00%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33600-33607            1      0.00%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33664-33671            2      0.00%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          262      0.30%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055          131      0.15%     84.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           64      0.07%     84.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34368-34375            1      0.00%     84.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567          131      0.15%     84.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          325      0.38%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34944-34951            1      0.00%     84.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079          236      0.27%     84.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335            2      0.00%     84.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591          137      0.16%     85.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          198      0.23%     85.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103           64      0.07%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36160-36167            1      0.00%     85.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           70      0.08%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615          129      0.15%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          384      0.44%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127            1      0.00%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383          192      0.22%     86.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          312      0.36%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           70      0.08%     86.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           98      0.11%     86.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           64      0.07%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          568      0.66%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38976-38983            1      0.00%     87.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           55      0.06%     87.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39232-39239            1      0.00%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431            1      0.00%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39488-39495            1      0.00%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39552-39559            1      0.00%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687          182      0.21%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39808-39815            1      0.00%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          257      0.30%     88.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199            1      0.00%     88.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455          136      0.16%     88.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40640-40647            1      0.00%     88.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           72      0.08%     88.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          387      0.45%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41024-41031            1      0.00%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41152-41159            1      0.00%     88.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           73      0.08%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479          135      0.16%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735            1      0.00%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          257      0.30%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247          183      0.21%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42688-42695            1      0.00%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           55      0.06%     89.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          569      0.66%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43136-43143            1      0.00%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           66      0.08%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           97      0.11%     90.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           68      0.08%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          314      0.36%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44160-44167            2      0.00%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295            1      0.00%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551          196      0.23%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807            1      0.00%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44992-44999            1      0.00%     91.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          386      0.45%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319          132      0.15%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45440-45447            1      0.00%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           70      0.08%     91.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831           65      0.08%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45888-45895            1      0.00%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46016-46023            3      0.00%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          199      0.23%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343          135      0.16%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46528-46535            1      0.00%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599            1      0.00%     92.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855          239      0.28%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47040-47047            1      0.00%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          324      0.37%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367          131      0.15%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           64      0.07%     93.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879          131      0.15%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          260      0.30%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647          128      0.15%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48832-48839            1      0.00%     93.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           61      0.07%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            3      0.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            1      0.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         5274      6.09%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49344-49351            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49536-49543            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50176-50183            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50304-50311            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50688-50695            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51072-51079            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51200-51207            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51968-51975            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          86636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   369559391250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              463610140000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  76423455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 17627293750                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24178.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1153.26                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30331.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         383.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           2.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       51.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        2.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           3.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       3.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         1.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   15212838                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93174                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  86.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       158279.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               1.88                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           25                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     54995612                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            16346068                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           16346071                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             59135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            4685                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            131422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           131422                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq              3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         3790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1885807                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4272561                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               34550193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2390337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         7580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     16694284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19092269                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           140202797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              140202797                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1487346000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3636500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                1500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         17566569000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4736419263                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        34186627978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    64357                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                51453.251473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1905423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   129744                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    14.686020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2512210729500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   36987.198092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker    19.713113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4872.243485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3313.752357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker    13.584037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3345.363294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     2901.396724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.564380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.074345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.050564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.051046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.044272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.785114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        32950                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         7107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             506567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             181823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             464544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             205967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1436338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          608494                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               608494                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              18                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              16                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            58298                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            54682                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               112980                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         32950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          7107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              506567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              240121                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         30566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              464544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              260649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1549318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        32950                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         7107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             506567                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             240121                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        30566                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6814                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             464544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             260649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1549318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             4714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4533                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                23126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1282                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1636                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2918                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          67869                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          65320                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133189                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7681                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             74020                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              4714                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             69853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                156315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7681                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            74020                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             4714                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            69853                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               156315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2207500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       158000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    559087000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    461077500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1541500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    349988250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    349614499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1723674249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       255989                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       162493                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       418482                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5047283901                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4980536832                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10027820733                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2207500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       158000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    559087000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5508361401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    349988250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5330151331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11751494982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      2207500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       158000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    559087000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5508361401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    349988250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5330151331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11751494982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         514248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         187974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         469258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         210500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1459464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       608494                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           608494                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1300                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         1652                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2952                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       120002                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          514248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          314141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6814                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          469258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          330502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1705633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        32979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         7109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         514248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         314141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        30582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6814                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         469258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         330502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1705633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.032723                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.021534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.015846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986154                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.990315                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.988482                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.537930                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.541047                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.235627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.211354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.091646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.235627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.211354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.091646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 76120.689655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        79000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72788.308814                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74959.762640                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 96343.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74244.431481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77126.516435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74534.041728                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   199.679407                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data    99.323350                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   143.413982                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74368.031075                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76248.267483                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75290.157093                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 76120.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        79000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72788.308814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74417.203472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 96343.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74244.431481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76305.260060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75178.293715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 76120.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        79000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72788.308814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74417.203472                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 96343.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 74244.431481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76305.260060                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75178.293715                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               59135                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    59135                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                79                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 79                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            44                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                79                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         1282                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1636                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         2918                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        67869                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65320                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        133189                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        73976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        69830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           156236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         7676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        73976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        69830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          156236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1848500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       133500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    462156500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    381785750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1343500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    290452750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    292088999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1429809499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12821282                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16367635                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29188917                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4199900099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4165909168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8365809267                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1848500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       133500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    462156500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4581685849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1343500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    290452750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4457998167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9795618766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1848500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       133500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    462156500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4581685849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1343500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    290452750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4457998167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9795618766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6012999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  84589545750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  82347341250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 166942899999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   8959860803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   8414119000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17373979803                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       116250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        60000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6012999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  93549406553                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  90761460250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184316879802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.986154                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.990315                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988482                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.537930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.541047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000879                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.211285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.091600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000879                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.235487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.211285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 63741.379310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        66750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60207.985930                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62516.088096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83968.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61706.554068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64764.744789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62038.855339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10004.666870                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10003.055860                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61882.451473                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63776.931537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62811.563019                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 63741.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        66750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60207.985930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61934.760585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83968.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61706.554068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63840.729873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62697.577805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 63741.379310                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        66750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60207.985930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61934.760585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 83968.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 61706.554068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63840.729873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62697.577805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58478558                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2677542                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2677544                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           763348                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           608494                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            2952                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             6                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           2958                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           246169                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          246169                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::LoadLockedReq            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondReq             3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::StoreCondResp            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1968408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      5798582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        38031                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       149645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7954666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     62951744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     85614957                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        55692                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       254244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          148876637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             148876637                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          205392                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4965399712                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        4434611165                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4486677044                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          24152407                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          86557036                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48444152                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             16322136                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            16322136                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        29936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         7942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio          522                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     30277632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                32660592                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        39180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        15884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio         1044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         2060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          397                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2390337                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    121110528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            123500865                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               123500865                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21043000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              3976000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               521000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         15138816000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         41494630022                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                7183590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          5694303                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           377290                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             4721847                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                3824688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            80.999829                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 708757                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             39349                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                    25676392                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     38073                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5871403                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     9193                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         257                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                629                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5420                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                     1344                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   238                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      585                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                25714465                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5880596                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         31547795                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          47266                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     31595061                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     5793609                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      6965                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         257                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                629                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     32                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2542                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1475                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 5800574                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          5793609                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           6965                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      5800574                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       241355643                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          15408312                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      44581736                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    7183590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4533445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     10042154                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                2412494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     81949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              48815807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        42608                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1411972                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          385                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  5791670                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               368874                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3149                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          77468964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.722040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.069743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                67434698     87.05%     87.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  662922      0.86%     87.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  849826      1.10%     89.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1158615      1.50%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1071303      1.38%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  540404      0.70%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1264103      1.63%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  371341      0.48%     94.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 4115752      5.31%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            77468964                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.029764                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.184714                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                16332862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             49931887                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  9147459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               483482                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles               1571127                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              985970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                93586                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              53203424                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               313882                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles               1571127                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                17204608                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               20551297                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      26349401                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  8685161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3105311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              50667470                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                502803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              2087731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents             194                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           52194379                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            231353972                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       213903823                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             5361                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             38031727                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                14162651                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            415813                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        366209                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  6409920                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             9794680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            6688167                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1031152                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1299354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  47050561                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             979447                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 60972564                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            88288                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9787230                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24359943                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        256705                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     77468964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.787058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.508592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           55694568     71.89%     71.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6744950      8.71%     80.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3431902      4.43%     85.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2928703      3.78%     88.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6175861      7.97%     96.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1433177      1.85%     98.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             773017      1.00%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             224018      0.29%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              62768      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       77468964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  30016      0.67%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4221900     94.67%     95.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               207684      4.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           165809      0.27%      0.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             28246973     46.33%     46.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46806      0.08%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 14      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              9      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1267      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            9      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     46.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26338371     43.20%     89.88% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6173305     10.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              60972564                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.252625                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4459601                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.073141                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         203996977                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         57825737                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     42036875                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              12074                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6420                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5360                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              65259915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   6441                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          303470                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2107176                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3913                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15490                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       838182                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     17232343                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       348683                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles               1571127                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               15861030                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               237452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           48130825                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           105592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              9794680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6688167                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            690516                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 54721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4205                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         15490                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        181987                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       144371                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              326358                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             59914186                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             26012956                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1058378                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       100817                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    32128938                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 5674429                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   6115982                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.248240                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      59424173                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     42042235                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 22754717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 41618983                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.174192                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.546739                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9657152                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         722742                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           285161                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     75897837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500741                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.473402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     62326931     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6623929      8.73%     90.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1927651      2.54%     93.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1062809      1.40%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       977806      1.29%     96.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       537572      0.71%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       721191      0.95%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       348340      0.46%     98.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1371608      1.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     75897837                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            29270698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              38005132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      13537489                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7687504                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     203418                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4891612                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      5306                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 33685063                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              497791                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1371608                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   121269057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   96938789                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         907351                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                      163886679                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2251360755                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   29203197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37937631                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             29203197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              8.264699                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        8.264699                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.120997                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.120997                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               271224247                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               42758050                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                    22657                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                   19930                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               15040337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                403311                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           984140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.573239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           10515740                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           984652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            10.679651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       7012159250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   319.827324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   191.745915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.624663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.374504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      5233615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      5282125                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10515740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      5233615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      5282125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        10515740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      5233615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      5282125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       10515740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       557933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       508279                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1066212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       557933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       508279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1066212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       557933                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       508279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1066212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7711361387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6850959748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14562321135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7711361387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6850959748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14562321135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7711361387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6850959748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14562321135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      5791548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      5790404                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11581952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      5791548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      5790404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11581952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      5791548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      5790404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11581952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.096336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.087780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.092058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.096336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.087780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.092058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.096336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.087780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.092058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13821.303610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13478.738543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13657.997786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13821.303610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13478.738543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13657.997786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13821.303610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13478.738543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13657.997786                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          450                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.614849                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          450                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        81541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        81541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        43117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        38424                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        81541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       514816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       984671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       514816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       984671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       514816                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       469855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       984671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6258274414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5575421883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11833696297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6258274414                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5575421883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11833696297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6258274414                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5575421883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11833696297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8426500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8426500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8426500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8426500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.088891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.081144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.088891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.081144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.088891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.081144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.085018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12156.332387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11866.260619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12017.918977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12156.332387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11866.260619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12017.918977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12156.332387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11866.260619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12017.918977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           644131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.993324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           21534637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           644643                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.405524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         43026250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   254.706394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   257.286930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.497473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.502514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6830201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      6949651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13779852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3598843                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3661860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7260703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114028                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data       129247                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       243275                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       116593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data       131076                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10429044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     10611511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        21040555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10429044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     10611511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       21040555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       324834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       424795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       749629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1512773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1450071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2962844                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         7425                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         6132                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13557                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1837607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1874866                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3712473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1837607                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1874866                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3712473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5222562191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6193158591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11415720782                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  75296679857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  74371858974                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 149668538831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    106104748                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     82161747                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    188266495                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        52000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        78000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80519242048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  80565017565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 161084259613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  80519242048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  80565017565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 161084259613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7155035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7374446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     14529481                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5111616                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5111931                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10223547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       121453                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135379                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       256832                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       116595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       131080                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247675                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12266651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     12486377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24753028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12266651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     12486377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24753028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.045399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.057604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.051594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.295948                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.283664                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.289806                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.061135                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045295                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.052785                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000031                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.149805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.150153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.149981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.149805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.150153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.149981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16077.634087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14579.170167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15228.494071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49773.944840                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51288.425859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50515.160039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14290.201751                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13398.849804                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13887.032161                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43817.444126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42971.080368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43390.015123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43817.444126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42971.080368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43390.015123                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        36582                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        25832                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3477                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            293                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.521139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    88.163823                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       608494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           608494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       143520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       219714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       363234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1385356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1328479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2713835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          715                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          651                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1366                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1528876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1548193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3077069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1528876                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1548193                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3077069                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       181314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       205081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       386395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       127417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       121592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6710                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5481                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12191                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            4                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       308731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       326673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       635404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       308731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       326673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       635404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2537114094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2716244009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5253358103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5888392200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5776496365                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11664888565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     84437751                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     63633003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    148070754                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        44000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        66000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8425506294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8492740374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16918246668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8425506294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   8492740374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16918246668                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  92381073251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  89949254752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 182330328003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13713085264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  13059234413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  26772319677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data       155750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total       155750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total        96000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 106094158515                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 103008489165                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209102647680                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.024927                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.023786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024356                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.055248                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040486                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047467                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025670                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025670                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13992.929912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13244.737489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13595.823194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46213.552352                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 47507.207423                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46845.248826                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12583.867511                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11609.743295                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12145.907145                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27290.768643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25997.680782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26625.968153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27290.768643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25997.680782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26625.968153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                7296861                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          5846678                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           347662                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             4742078                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                3857406                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            81.344212                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 691724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             35172                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    25545961                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     37652                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    5843070                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     9833                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         255                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                810                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    5607                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2149                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   268                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      680                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                25583613                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                5852903                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         31389031                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          47485                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     31436516                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     5792513                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      7242                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         255                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                810                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     31                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    2667                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1547                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 5799755                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          5792513                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           7242                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      5799755                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       235437063                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          14594322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      46143705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    7296861                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4549130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     10187153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                2325105                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     84075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              48390355                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                1006                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1773                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        50802                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1299927                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          134                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  5790405                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               352119                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3045                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          76215873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.749895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.108619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                66035998     86.64%     86.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  646269      0.85%     87.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  866115      1.14%     88.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1144603      1.50%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1038380      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  570616      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1298592      1.70%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  378941      0.50%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 4236359      5.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            76215873                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.030993                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.195992                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                15595502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             49311936                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  9258524                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               522439                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               1525385                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              986467                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                83299                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              54522655                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               277301                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               1525385                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                16476975                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               19655955                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      26515105                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  8823591                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              3216801                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              52024243                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                13429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                607553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              2083322                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents             488                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           54254654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            237368382                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       219812592                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             5012                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             40368418                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                13886236                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            416636                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        371803                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  6618695                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            10010762                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            6654363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           928897                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1221940                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  48420965                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1005597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 62096685                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            94311                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        9477685                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23931706                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        245448                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     76215873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.814747                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.522121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           53862159     70.67%     70.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6987914      9.17%     79.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3609115      4.74%     84.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3073312      4.03%     88.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6185840      8.12%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1415029      1.86%     98.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             789705      1.04%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             228522      0.30%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              64277      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       76215873                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  30122      0.69%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     4      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               4155854     94.74%     95.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               200598      4.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           197857      0.32%      0.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             29468242     47.46%     47.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46687      0.08%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 11      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              9      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           846      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            9      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     47.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            26218549     42.22%     90.07% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            6164475      9.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              62096685                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.263751                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    4386578                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.070641                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         204926211                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         58913069                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43552448                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              11222                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              6050                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4957                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              66279422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   5984                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          320383                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2041284                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2958                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        15466                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       770955                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     16877302                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       331906                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               1525385                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               14957873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               224833                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           49549209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            95185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             10010762                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             6654363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            720304                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 50705                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4281                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         15466                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        171203                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135670                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              306873                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             61058870                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             25897367                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1037815                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       122647                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    32008147                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 5821795                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   6110780                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.259343                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      60589807                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     43557405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 24211075                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 44594441                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.185007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.542917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        9363446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         760149                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           265641                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     74690488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.520816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     60561931     81.08%     81.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6932594      9.28%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1961063      2.63%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1092193      1.46%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1024970      1.37%     95.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       536622      0.72%     96.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       713910      0.96%     97.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       380912      0.51%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1486293      1.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     74690488                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            31194382                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              39754477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      13852886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      7969478                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     200339                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5070949                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      4906                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 35178713                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              493679                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1486293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   121392021                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   99804752                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         864703                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      159221190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  2318646914                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   31111502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     39671597                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             31111502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              7.567525                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        7.567525                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.132144                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.132144                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               276724007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               44911737                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    22398                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   19708                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               15283998                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                429459                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1518454987022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1518454987022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1518454987022                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1518454987022                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   83063                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
