
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.365989                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                365989065000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               365989065000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 746941                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1315244                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1730329772                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 386536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   211.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   157988548                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     278192465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             51392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           1871744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              1923136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           51392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks         6400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total              6400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              29246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30049                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks             100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                  100                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               140419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              5114207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 5254627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          140419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             140419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks             17487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                  17487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks             17487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              140419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             5114207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                5272114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                      5272114                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                1025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1025                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             29024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            29024                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        60198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total        60198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1929536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1929536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             1929536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                1929536                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          270472000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  444                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        731978130                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   157988548                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     278192465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             278169482                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     40                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     8475189                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     18628007                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    278169482                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            40                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           635379407                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          217447860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   40                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  26                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            104140596                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            61764861                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     122219137                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    90779385                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   31439752                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  731978130                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                24                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           665.632508                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           217695357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               808                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          269424.946782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   665.632508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.325016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.325016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    217695357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       217695357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     217695357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        217695357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    217695357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       217695357                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            808                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           808                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     44230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    217696165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    217696165                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    217696165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    217696165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    217696165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    217696165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54740.099010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54740.099010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54740.099010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54740.099010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 54740.099010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54740.099010                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52740.099010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52740.099010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52740.099010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52740.099010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52740.099010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52740.099010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements              318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        20041.899765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3992419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            30026                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs           132.965397                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 19330.353164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   557.646382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   153.900219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.589916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.017018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.004697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.611630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1960498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1960503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      2062484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      2062484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        77085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        77085                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2037583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2037588                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            5                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2037583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2037588                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         1025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        29024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        29024                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        29246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         30049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        29246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        30049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     11544000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53300000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1509279000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1509279000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41756000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   1520823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1562579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41756000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   1520823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1562579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1961528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2062484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      2062484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       106109                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2067637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2067637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.273530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.273530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52001.068082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52001.068082                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52001.059974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52001.031648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52001.059974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52001.031648                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks          100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total              100                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        29024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        30049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        29246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8880000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1160960000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1160960000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1169840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1201960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1169840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1201960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.273530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.273530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.993812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2062733                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4076.488619                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           120152370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2066829                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             58.133677                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      126079701000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4076.488619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.995236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     88818727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        88818727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31333643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31333643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     120152370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        120152370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    120152370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       120152370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1960720                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       106109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2066829                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  25498684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  25498684000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2598456000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2598456000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  28097140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  28097140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  28097140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  28097140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     90779447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     90779447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31439752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    122219199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    122219199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    122219199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    122219199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13004.755396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13004.755396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24488.554223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24488.554223                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13594.322510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13594.322510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13594.322510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13594.322510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2062484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2062484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1960720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1960720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       106109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       106109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2066829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2066829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2066829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21577244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21577244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2386238000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2386238000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23963482000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23963482000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23963482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23963482000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.021599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003375                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11004.755396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11004.755396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22488.554223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22488.554223                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11594.322510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11594.322510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11594.322510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11594.322510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               722228529                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1961528                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1961528                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      2062484                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       106109                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       106109                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6196142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6197758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        51712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    264276032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      264327744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         264327744                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4127544500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1212000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3100243500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
