
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000041                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    41368000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   41368000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 554996                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   554737                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1512828488                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 230824                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       15162                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         15162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             17792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              8832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                26624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        17792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           17792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            430090892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            213498356                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               643589248                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       430090892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          430090892                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           430090892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           213498356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              643589248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                    643589248                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                331                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                85                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               85                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port          832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        26624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total               26624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                  26624                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              416000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            3744000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                            82736                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                       15162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                         15162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                 12219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         385                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts         2434                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                        12219                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               29037                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes              13818                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          3683                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                        2231                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                       1452                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                      82736                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           153.782734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs               14928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             53.314286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   153.782734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.075089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.075089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        14928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total           14928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         14928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total            14928                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        14928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total           14928                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     15316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        15208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        15208                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        15208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total        15208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        15208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total        15208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        54700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        54700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        54700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        54700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        54700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        54700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14756000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14756000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.018411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        52700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        52700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        52700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          184.632038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.006042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   153.110886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    31.521152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.004673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.005635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          331                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          416                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2756000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17212000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4420000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4420000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     21632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     14456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     21632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.993994                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.995215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.995215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           85                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      3400000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3400000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5520000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16640000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     11120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5520000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16640000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.993994                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.992857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.995215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            97.994344                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                3535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               138                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             25.615942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    97.994344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.023924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.023924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         2172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            2172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total               6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          3529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             3529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         3529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            3529                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           138                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      2915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2915000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      4675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data      7590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      7590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data      7590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      7590000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         2225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         3667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         3667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.058946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        55000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      2809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2809000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4505000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4505000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      7314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.023820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.058946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               646683427                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            333                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           333                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           85                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           85                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               836                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        17920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         8832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          26752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             26752                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         209000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        207000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
