
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.842697                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1842697218000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1842697218000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 189301                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   189301                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4767309141                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 353980                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   386.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    73170192                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73170192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           489152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20102912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           144448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2236224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           284928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2526528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28436544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       489152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       144448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       284928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          918528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7459712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7459712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            314108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             34941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             39477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                444321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116558                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              265454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10909504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1439386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               78389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1213560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              154626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1371103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15432022                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         265454                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          78389                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         154626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             498469                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4048257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4048257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4048257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             265454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10909504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1439386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              78389                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1213560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             154626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1371103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19480279                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         98018                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        44365                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       98018                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      44365                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  6272576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2838464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   6273152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2839360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             42                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                6238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                6029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                6222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                6259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                6020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                6028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                6370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                6122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               6366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                2565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               2848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           4                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1841684892500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   98018                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  44365                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     66438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     14086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6897                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                       974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                       959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      400                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      1794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      1779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      1773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      2131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     2181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     2225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     2215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1840                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     1924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        17929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      508.069831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     168.315652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1577.422962                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67           7580     42.28%     42.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         2972     16.58%     58.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         1827     10.19%     69.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259          983      5.48%     74.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323          676      3.77%     78.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387          569      3.17%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451          353      1.97%     83.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          316      1.76%     85.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          239      1.33%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          212      1.18%     87.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          225      1.25%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          207      1.15%     90.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835           92      0.51%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899           80      0.45%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963           62      0.35%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          115      0.64%     92.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091           35      0.20%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155           50      0.28%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219           54      0.30%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283           63      0.35%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347           30      0.17%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          123      0.69%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475           74      0.41%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539           80      0.45%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           19      0.11%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           17      0.09%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731            7      0.04%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795           37      0.21%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859            7      0.04%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           18      0.10%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987            6      0.03%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           15      0.08%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115            9      0.05%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179           16      0.09%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243            1      0.01%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307           23      0.13%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435           12      0.07%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499            4      0.02%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563            9      0.05%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627            2      0.01%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691           15      0.08%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819           22      0.12%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883            1      0.01%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947           14      0.08%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011            3      0.02%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075           12      0.07%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139            2      0.01%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203           12      0.07%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267            2      0.01%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331           20      0.11%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459           11      0.06%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523            2      0.01%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587            9      0.05%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651            1      0.01%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715           13      0.07%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843           21      0.12%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907            1      0.01%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971           13      0.07%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035            2      0.01%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099            8      0.04%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163            3      0.02%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227           14      0.08%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355           22      0.12%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483           13      0.07%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547            1      0.01%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611           77      0.43%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4739            3      0.02%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4867           19      0.11%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4995            5      0.03%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5059            2      0.01%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123            8      0.04%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251            4      0.02%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379           21      0.12%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507            6      0.03%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5635            9      0.05%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5699            2      0.01%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5763            3      0.02%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5891           21      0.12%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019            3      0.02%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6147            6      0.03%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6275            5      0.03%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6403           19      0.11%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6531            6      0.03%     98.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6659            6      0.03%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6787           25      0.14%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851            1      0.01%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6915           15      0.08%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6979            1      0.01%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043            1      0.01%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171           21      0.12%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7427            1      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7683            4      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8003            1      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195           52      0.29%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8963            1      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9219            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9347            1      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9408-9411            1      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9539            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9859            1      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10880-10883            2      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11011            1      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11328-11331            1      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11392-11395            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11779            1      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12035            1      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12096-12099            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12675            1      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12803            2      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13059            1      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13315            2      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13699            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14211            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14272-14275            1      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14339            2      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14464-14467            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14659            1      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14979            1      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15107            1      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            1      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15235            1      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           16      0.09%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15491            1      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15680-15683            1      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16131            1      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387           75      0.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          17929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     2679388500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4331514750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    490045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1162081250                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       27338.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11856.88                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  44195.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           3.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        3.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.16                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      89637                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     34794                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     12934724.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.21                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     19524219                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               44737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              44533                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             44365                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              45                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             56547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            56547                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          204                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        13310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       189932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       203650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        50712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        50712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 254362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        15689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      6952704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      6968393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2159808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2159808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             9128201                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               35967240                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus             9984                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            12468500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           514332500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              252500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          764298954                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          152995500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337398                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65420.701532                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2472173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.141114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54886.932182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2458.825580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2703.778525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      528.462620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      622.296328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2148.830278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2071.576019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.837508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.037519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.041256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.009495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.032789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.031610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             520243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             493553                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             124286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              83912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             292769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             239004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1753767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          835523                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               835523                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            92938                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            26217                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            67761                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186916                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              520243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              586491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              124286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              110129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              292769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              306765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1940683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             520243                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             586491                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             124286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             110129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             292769                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             306765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1940683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           238324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data            16911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             4452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            18142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               287729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            12                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          76060                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          18078                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          21606                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115744                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7643                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            314384                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             34989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             39748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7643                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           314384                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            34989                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4452                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            39748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403473                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    176426247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1131345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    358514250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1201423499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2867708996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       294997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       294997                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1254698241                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1776085226                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3030783467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    176426247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2386043241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    358514250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2977508725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      5898492463                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    176426247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2386043241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    358514250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2977508725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     5898492463                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         527886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         731877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         126543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         100823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         297221                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         257146                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2041496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           835523                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              27                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       168998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        44295                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        89367                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302660                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          527886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          900875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          126543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          145118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          297221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          346513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2344156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         527886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         900875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         126543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         145118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         297221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         346513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2344156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.325634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017836                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.167730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.070551                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.140940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.740741                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450064                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.408127                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.241767                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382423                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.348976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.017836                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.241107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.014979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.114709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.172119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.348976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017836                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.241107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.014979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.114709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.172119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78168.474524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66899.946780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80528.807278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66223.321519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9966.701292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24583.083333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14749.850000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69404.704115                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 82203.333611                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26185.231779                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78168.474524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68194.096459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80528.807278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74909.648913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14619.299093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 78168.474524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68194.096459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 80528.807278                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74909.648913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14619.299093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75046                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75046                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        16911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        18142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        18078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21606                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         39684                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        34989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            81446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        34989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           81446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147657253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    919546000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    302425250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    999157501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2368786004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       279009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       279009                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1027471259                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1510849774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2538321033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147657253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1947017259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    302425250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2510007275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4907107037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147657253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1947017259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    302425250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2510007275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4907107037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    277801500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    291494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    569295500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    343786500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    402097500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    745884000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    621588000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    693591500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1315179500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017836                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.167730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444444                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.408127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.241767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017836                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.114709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017836                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.014979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.114709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65421.910944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54375.613506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67930.199910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55074.275218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56721.086251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23250.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23250.750000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 56835.449663                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69927.324539                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63963.336181                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65421.910944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55646.553460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67930.199910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63148.014366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60249.822422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 65421.910944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55646.553460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 67930.199910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63148.014366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60249.822422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.254904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1694870354000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.254904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9303463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9303463                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5314732731                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5314732731                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5324036194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5324036194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5324036194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5324036194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 53777.242775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53777.242775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 127905.581705                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127905.581705                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 127598.231132                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127598.231132                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 127598.231132                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127598.231132                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        168308                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                12241                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.749530                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        16965                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16965                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      5714463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5714463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4435520731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4435520731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4441235194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4441235194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4441235194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4441235194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.406623                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406623                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.406591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.406591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.406591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 82818.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 82818.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 262518.982659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262518.982659                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 261788.104568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261788.104568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 261788.104568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261788.104568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4920578                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6099                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          126                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  428233                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3510258                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      670                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          84                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 163777                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8430836                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6769                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          210                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  592010                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2762930                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3034                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         104                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2765964                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928345000                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33879417                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33879417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             31738664                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                170028                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     812853                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4700164                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    31738664                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       170028                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           44595421                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          23158595                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               87794                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              89338                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8461010                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4941975                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3519035                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              904626845.998199                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              23718154.001801                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.025549                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.974451                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6418                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211383                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74805     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1879      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105697     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182584                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73438     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1879      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73438     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148958                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1819507118500     98.74%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               38781000      0.00%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              365071000      0.02%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22785478000      1.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1842696448500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981726                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694797                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815833                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175325     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6783      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5176      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192238                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2094                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1907                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1738                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322020                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080707                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391019                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29794763000      1.62%      1.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2592746500      0.14%      1.76% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1810308934500     98.24%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   110459996                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             784722                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            784503                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3749                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3749                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           371354                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              16                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             17                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           150558                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          133662                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          204                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       847542                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1368014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               2215556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     27120896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     55237129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total           82358025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             203533320                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus           11008                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2134008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           243000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1908780020                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2230620167                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1469142                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2975                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               20645                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              20645                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         2330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         8370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         2374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        13310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        33930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        33930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         9320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio           61                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         4185                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         1548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf           31                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        15689                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1082792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1082792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              1098481                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2707184                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               102000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               57000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             6237000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             1789000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           153613694                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9561000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17409500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           951005                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.190319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           43429541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           951516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            45.642471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10399272250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   251.342896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    99.592582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   160.254842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.490904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.194517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.312998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     33358489                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7831408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2239644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43429541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     33358489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7831408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2239644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        43429541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     33358489                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7831408                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2239644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       43429541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       527907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       126543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       313729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       968179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       527907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       126543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       313729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        968179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       527907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       126543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       313729                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       968179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1806945253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4430503289                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6237448542                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1806945253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4430503289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6237448542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1806945253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4430503289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6237448542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     33886396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7957951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2553373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44397720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     33886396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7957951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2553373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     44397720                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     33886396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7957951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2553373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     44397720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122868                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122868                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122868                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14279.298365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14122.071243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6442.453866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14279.298365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14122.071243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6442.453866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14279.298365                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14122.071243                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6442.453866                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3919                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              159                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    24.647799                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       297235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       423778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       297235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       423778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       126543                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       297235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       423778                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1552948747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3649949474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5202898221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1552948747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3649949474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5202898221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1552948747                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3649949474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5202898221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116409                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.015901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.116409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12272.103135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12279.675926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12277.414639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12272.103135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12279.675926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12277.414639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12272.103135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12279.675926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12277.414639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1391788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13285278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1392300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.541965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   249.411553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   131.959093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   130.627166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.487132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.257733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.255131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4082373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1085171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2396693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7564237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3213874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       832734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1291048                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5337656                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       117262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19372                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        47406                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184040                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       126440                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21396                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        51446                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199282                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7296247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1917905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3687741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12901893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7296247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1917905                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3687741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12901893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       722135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        98671                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       532767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1353573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       169009                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        44296                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       596502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       809807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9742                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2152                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         6843                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18737                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       891144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       142967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1129269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2163380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       891144                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       142967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1129269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2163380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2255676500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9348290769                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11603967269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1658917259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18089996474                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  19748913733                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28489000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    102729249                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    131218249                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        13000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3914593759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27438287243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31352881002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3914593759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27438287243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31352881002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4804508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1183842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2929460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8917810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3382883                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       877030                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1887550                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6147463                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       127004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21524                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        54249                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       202777                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       126440                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21396                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        51447                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199283                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8187391                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2060872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      4817010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15065273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8187391                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2060872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      4817010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15065273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.150304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.083348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.181865                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.151783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049960                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050507                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.316019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.131730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076706                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099981                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.126141                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092402                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.234434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.108843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.234434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22860.582137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17546.677570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8572.841856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37450.723745                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30326.799364                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24387.185753                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13238.382900                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15012.311705                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7003.162139                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27381.100247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24297.388171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14492.544538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27381.100247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24297.388171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14492.544538                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       584754                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            17600                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.224659                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   121.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835523                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       280793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       280793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       507370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       507370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1423                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1423                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       788163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       788163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       788163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       788163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        98671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       251974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       350645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        44296                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        89132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       133428                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2152                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5420                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7572                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       142967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       341106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       484073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       142967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       341106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       484073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2050323500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4260770982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6311094482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1561811741                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2625415492                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4187227233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24184000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     65650250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89834250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3612135241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6886186474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10498321715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3612135241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6886186474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10498321715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    296522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    310560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    607082000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    364175500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    426698000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    790873500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    660697500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    737258000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1397955500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.083348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.086014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.047221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021705                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099981                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.099910                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037342                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.069372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20779.393135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16909.565995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17998.529801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35258.527655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29455.363865                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31381.923082                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11237.918216                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12112.592251                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11864.005547                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25265.517504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20187.819839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21687.476300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25265.517504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20187.819839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21687.476300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1203332                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1366                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           34                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  142940                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     898898                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      183                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          22                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  58529                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2102230                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1549                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           56                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  201469                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     859402                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      692                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          30                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 860094                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953617285                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7956345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7956345                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7412681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 44901                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     213028                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1020887                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7412681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        44901                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           10388601                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5388855                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               24208                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              24605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2109439                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1208206                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    901233                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              922131579.439540                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              31485705.560460                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.033017                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.966983                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                9131296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          8453261                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           124867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             7606484                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                6524985                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            85.781880                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 282035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             13344                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3186348                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     11810                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          124                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  217745                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2009701                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2606                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         109                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  82375                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5196049                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     14416                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          233                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  300120                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     370442                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5628                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         253                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 376070                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        31313073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           8328585                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      37006400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    9131296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6807020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      8851345                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 606644                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles               9641968                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        63228                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        87070                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          340                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2553376                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                86779                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          27379324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.351618                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.293970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                18527979     67.67%     67.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  269262      0.98%     68.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  428968      1.57%     70.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 5000608     18.26%     88.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  759354      2.77%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  165275      0.60%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  190932      0.70%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  427573      1.56%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1609373      5.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            27379324                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.291613                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.181819                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 8475609                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles              9724872                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  8241247                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               308907                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                382752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              165606                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                12712                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36612854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                39749                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                382752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 8834671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                2773280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       5760129                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  8113478                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1269087                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              35472103                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2436                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                230799                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               444723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           23769376                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             44394567                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        44338159                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            52651                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             21967508                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1801868                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            500326                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         58967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3713170                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3346051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2099971                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           366369                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          258671                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32979578                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             619087                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 32529976                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            34753                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2147129                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1082645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        436861                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27379324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.188122                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.575744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           15104518     55.17%     55.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3059496     11.17%     66.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1557193      5.69%     72.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5827645     21.28%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             904106      3.30%     96.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             480512      1.76%     98.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             285612      1.04%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             141433      0.52%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              18809      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       27379324                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  32920     13.41%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     13.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                112185     45.69%     59.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               100449     40.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2440      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             26864472     82.58%     82.59% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               20045      0.06%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     82.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               8419      0.03%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1220      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3313279     10.19%     92.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2032055      6.25%     99.11% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            288046      0.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              32529976                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.038862                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     245554                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.007549                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          92485827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         35635212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     32132884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             233756                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            114401                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       110529                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              32651329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 121761                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          186414                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       413956                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3936                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       157547                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4151                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        27254                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                382752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                2003866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               204399                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           34866454                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           220221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3346051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2099971                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            549960                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                142228                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 1969                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3936                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         63951                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       128015                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              191966                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             32372492                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3206448                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           157484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1267789                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5223192                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 7564928                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2016744                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.033833                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      32276755                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     32243413                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 18781769                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 21976070                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.029711                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.854646                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2322975                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         182226                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           177336                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26996572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.203754                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.846865                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16110852     59.68%     59.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323792      8.61%     68.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1227035      4.55%     72.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5572191     20.64%     93.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       501625      1.86%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       185779      0.69%     96.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       177561      0.66%     96.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       179863      0.67%     97.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       717874      2.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26996572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            32497229                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              32497229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       4874519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      2932095                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      63814                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   7417113                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    109328                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 31054650                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              228340                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               717874                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    61024976                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   70022633                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         244840                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        3933749                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1746460059                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   31334430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     31334430                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             31334430                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.999318                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.999318                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.000682                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.000682                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                42582766                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               22654603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    67639                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   67817                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                5347337                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                256988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
