
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.717366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                717366012000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               717366012000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1130634                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1274033                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1606137434                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 243872                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   446.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   504986853                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     569034839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            177280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           8952256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              9129536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       177280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          177280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      6140992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6140992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2770                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             139879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                142649                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           95953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                95953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               247126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12479342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                12726469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          247126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             247126                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           8560472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                8560472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           8560472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              247126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12479342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               21286941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     21286941                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               41855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              41855                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             95953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            100794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           100794                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       381251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 381251                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     15270528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            15270528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               15270528                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1006226000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1283841000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  548                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1434732024                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   504986853                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     569034839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             470727695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     16                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    19311615                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     94895872                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    470727695                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            16                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2844375179                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          646169352                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   16                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     182890034                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   126029555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   56860479                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1434732024                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              9788                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           982.663229                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           516599855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             11521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          44839.845066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   982.663229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.479816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.479816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    516599855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       516599855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     516599855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        516599855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    516599855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       516599855                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         11521                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          11521                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         11521                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    266195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    266195000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    266195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    266195000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    266195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    266195000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    516611376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    516611376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    516611376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    516611376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    516611376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    516611376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23105.199201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23105.199201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23105.199201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23105.199201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 23105.199201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23105.199201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    243153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    243153000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    243153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    243153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    243153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    243153000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21105.199201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21105.199201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21105.199201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21105.199201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 21105.199201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21105.199201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           109895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        27243.192324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1668833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           141072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            11.829654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     343698539000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 23381.854289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   287.865470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3573.472565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.713558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.008785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.109054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.831396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         8751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       743573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         752324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      1064905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      1064905                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       255466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       255466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         8751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       999039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1007790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         8751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       999039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1007790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2770                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        39085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        41855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       100794                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       100794                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       139879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        142649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       139879                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       142649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    144122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2033729000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2177851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5241304000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5241304000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    144122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7275033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7419155000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    144122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7275033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7419155000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       782658                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       794179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1064905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      1064905                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       356260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       356260                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1138918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1150439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        11521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1138918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1150439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.240431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.052702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.282923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.282923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.240431                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.122817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.123995                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.240431                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.122817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.123995                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52029.602888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52033.491109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52033.233783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52000.158740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.158740                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52029.602888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52009.472473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52009.863371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52029.602888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52009.472473                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52009.863371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        95953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            95953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        39085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       100794                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       100794                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       139879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       142649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       139879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       142649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    110882000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1564709000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1675591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4031776000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4031776000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    110882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5596485000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5707367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    110882000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5596485000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5707367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.240431                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.282923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.282923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.240431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.122817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123995                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.240431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.122817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123995                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40029.602888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40033.491109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40033.233783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40000.158740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40000.158740                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40029.602888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40009.472473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40009.863371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40029.602888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40009.472473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40009.863371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1134822                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4065.297446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           179817786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1138918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            157.884752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       11885124000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4065.297446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.992504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    122957658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       122957658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     53883046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       53883046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data      1488541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1488541                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data      1488541                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1488541                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     176840704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        176840704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    176840704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       176840704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       782658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        782658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       356260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       356260                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1138918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1138918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1138918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1138918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11817433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11817433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8864744000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   8864744000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  20682177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20682177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  20682177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20682177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    123740316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    123740316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     54239306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     54239306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1488541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1488541                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data      1488541                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1488541                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    177979622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    177979622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    177979622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    177979622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006568                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 15099.102034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15099.102034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24882.793465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24882.793465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18159.496118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18159.496118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 18159.496118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18159.496118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1064905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1064905                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       782658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       782658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       356260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       356260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1138918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1138918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1138918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1138918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10252117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10252117000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8152224000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8152224000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18404341000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18404341000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18404341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18404341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006568                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006568                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 13099.102034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13099.102034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22882.793465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22882.793465                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16159.496118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16159.496118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16159.496118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16159.496118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               197642506                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         794179                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        794179                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      1064905                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       356260                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       356260                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        23042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3342741                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           3365783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       737344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    141044672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      141782016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         141782016                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2172577000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      17281500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1708377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
