
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.903338                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1903338216000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1903338216000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 100362                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   100362                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3404824916                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 359096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   559.01                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56103611                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56103611                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           740992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24346432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2650176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           236544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           996032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28970176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       740992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       236544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          977536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7923904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7923904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             11578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            380413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              3696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             15563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                452659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          123811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               123811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              389312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12791438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1392383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              124278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              523308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15220719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         389312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         124278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             513590                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4163161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4163161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4163161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             389312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12791438                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1392383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             124278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             523308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19383880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        452659                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       123811                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      452659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     123811                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 28966400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      3776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7923264                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  28970176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7923904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       59                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           3474                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               28542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               28115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               28449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               28319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               28001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               28388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               28437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               28681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               28670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               28576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              28034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              27899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              27884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              28245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              28268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              28092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1903333578000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  452659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 123811                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    323009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     67548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     34699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      6478                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2334                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      6333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     6051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     6046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     6172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        47120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      782.856367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     226.112166                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1866.075506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          16751     35.55%     35.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         6847     14.53%     50.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         4876     10.35%     60.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2833      6.01%     66.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1808      3.84%     70.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1449      3.08%     73.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451         1103      2.34%     75.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          806      1.71%     77.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          633      1.34%     78.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          628      1.33%     80.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          650      1.38%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          508      1.08%     82.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          311      0.66%     83.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          305      0.65%     83.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          262      0.56%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          366      0.78%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          155      0.33%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155          210      0.45%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219          130      0.28%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283          135      0.29%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347          148      0.31%     86.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          388      0.82%     87.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475          228      0.48%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539          713      1.51%     89.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603          124      0.26%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           79      0.17%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           68      0.14%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795          140      0.30%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           59      0.13%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           90      0.19%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           49      0.10%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           89      0.19%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115           69      0.15%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179           88      0.19%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243           28      0.06%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307           26      0.06%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371           54      0.11%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435           52      0.11%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499           27      0.06%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563           28      0.06%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627           27      0.06%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691           54      0.11%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755           53      0.11%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819           17      0.04%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883           31      0.07%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947           83      0.18%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011           40      0.08%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075           35      0.07%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139           42      0.09%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203           86      0.18%     92.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267           24      0.05%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331           15      0.03%     93.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395           51      0.11%     93.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459           50      0.11%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523           24      0.05%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587           22      0.05%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651           24      0.05%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715           52      0.11%     93.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779           51      0.11%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843           12      0.03%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907           29      0.06%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971           84      0.18%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035           41      0.09%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099           31      0.07%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163           38      0.08%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227           87      0.18%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291           24      0.05%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355           17      0.04%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419           52      0.11%     94.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483           51      0.11%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547           24      0.05%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611           22      0.05%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4675           23      0.05%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4739           50      0.11%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4803           51      0.11%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4867           12      0.03%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931           27      0.06%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4995           86      0.18%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5059           41      0.09%     95.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123           30      0.06%     95.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5187           39      0.08%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251           84      0.18%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315           24      0.05%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379            9      0.02%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5443           53      0.11%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507           50      0.11%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5571           23      0.05%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5635           22      0.05%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5699           22      0.05%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5763           49      0.10%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5827           50      0.11%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5891            9      0.02%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5955           25      0.05%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019           85      0.18%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6083           41      0.09%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6147           30      0.06%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6211           42      0.09%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6275           84      0.18%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6339           24      0.05%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6403           10      0.02%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6467           52      0.11%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6531           52      0.11%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6595           24      0.05%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6659           22      0.05%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6723           25      0.05%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6787           49      0.10%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851           49      0.10%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6915            8      0.02%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6979           27      0.06%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043           87      0.18%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7107           41      0.09%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171          317      0.67%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7235            1      0.00%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            2      0.00%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7363            1      0.00%     98.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7427            6      0.01%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7491            1      0.00%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7619            1      0.00%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7683           14      0.03%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7747            2      0.00%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939            8      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8003            1      0.00%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8131            3      0.01%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195          322      0.68%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8259            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8387            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8451            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8643            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8707            2      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8771            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8899            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8963            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9027            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9091            2      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9219            2      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9347            3      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9475            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9664-9667            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9731            2      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9859            3      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10179            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10304-10307            2      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10880-10883            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11328-11331            2      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11392-11395            2      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11456-11459            2      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11523            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11584-11587            2      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11648-11651            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11712-11715            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11779            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11840-11843            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11904-11907            2      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11968-11971            1      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12035            4      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12416-12419            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12483            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12547            2      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12675            2      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13059            2      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13251            2      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13315            3      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13507            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13571            2      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13699            3      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13955            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14144-14147            2      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14211            2      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14272-14275            2      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14339            3      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14595            2      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14784-14787            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14979            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15043            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15235            2      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           39      0.08%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15552-15555            2      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16003            2      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16064-16067            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387          175      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          47120                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     8783315250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               16310447750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2263000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  5264132500                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       19406.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11630.87                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  36037.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       15.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        4.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         9.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     430734                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     98547                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3301704.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      91.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.41                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     19439855                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              296479                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             296230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              12351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             12351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            123811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             5304                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3474                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            164353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           164224                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          249                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        39094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       915454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       955046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1079702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        68202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31586624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31654826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5307456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5307456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            36962282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               36962282                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            38336                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            36252500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1624596499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              317500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3836772510                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376321991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   345713                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65292.619294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2607692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   410924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     6.345923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               7069563750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   53648.503329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4120.078366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5598.798644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1365.340117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      559.898838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.818611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.062867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.085431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.020833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.008543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.996286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             754547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             572386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             313557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             249669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1890159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          840492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               840492                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             130                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              74                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 204                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            37                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            33                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                70                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           144073                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            44330                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               188403                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              754547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              716459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              313557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              293999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2078562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             754547                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             716459                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             313557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             293999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2078562                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            11586                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           272059                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             3706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               289126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2565                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           587                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3152                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          107                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         108741                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          14088                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             122829                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             11586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            380800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              3706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             15863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                411955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            11586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           380800                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             3706                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            15863                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               411955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    929054999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17693461250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    314236981                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    144928247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    19081681477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       842965                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1256946                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      2099911                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       221993                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       116495                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       338488                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8947158383                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1452475204                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10399633587                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    929054999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26640619633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    314236981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1597403451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     29481315064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    929054999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  26640619633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    314236981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1597403451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    29481315064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         766133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         844445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         317263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         251444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2179285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       840492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           840492                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2695                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          661                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3356                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           95                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           235                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       252814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        58418                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           311232                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          766133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1097259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          317263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          309862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2490517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         766133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1097259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         317263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         309862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2490517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015123                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.322175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011681                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.007059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.132670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.951763                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.888048                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.939213                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610526                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.764286                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.702128                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.430123                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241159                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.394654                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.347047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.011681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.051194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.165409                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015123                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.347047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.011681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.051194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.165409                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80187.726480                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65035.382950                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84791.414193                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81649.716620                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65997.805376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   328.641326                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2141.304940                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   666.215419                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3827.465517                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1088.738318                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2051.442424                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 82279.530104                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 103100.170642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84667.575141                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80187.726480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69959.610381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84791.414193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 100699.959087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71564.406462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 80187.726480                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69959.610381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 84791.414193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 100699.959087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71564.406462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               82291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    82291                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       272058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          289108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2565                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          587                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3152                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           58                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          107                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       108741                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        14088                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122829                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       380799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        15863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           411937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        11579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       380799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         3696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        15863                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          411937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    782519751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14298950750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    266998019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    147305751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15495774271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25723531                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5884082                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31607613                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       641556                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1072106                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1713662                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7614105115                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1279019296                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8893124411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    782519751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21913055865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    266998019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1426325047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24388898682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    782519751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21913055865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    266998019                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1426325047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24388898682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    931434500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    458421000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1389855500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1577498000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    884169000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2461667000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2508932500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1342590000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3851522500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.322174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.007059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.951763                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.888048                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.939213                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.610526                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.764286                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.702128                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.430123                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.241159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.394654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.165402                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.347046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.011650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.051194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.165402                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67580.944037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52558.464555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72239.723755                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82989.155493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53598.566179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10028.667057                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10023.989779                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10027.796003                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11061.310345                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10019.682243                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10385.830303                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70020.554483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 90787.854628                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72402.481588                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67580.944037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57544.940677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72239.723755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89915.214461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59205.409279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 67580.944037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57544.940677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72239.723755                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 89915.214461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59205.409279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41695                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.213166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1712301131000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.213166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.013323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.013323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21368383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21368383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13021515788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13021515788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13042884171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  13042884171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13042884171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  13042884171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122105.045714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122105.045714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 313378.797362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 313378.797362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 312576.609174                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 312576.609174                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 312576.609174                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 312576.609174                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        407057                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                29358                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.865284                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12267383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12267383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10859254806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10859254806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10871522189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10871522189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10871522189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10871522189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70099.331429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70099.331429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 261341.326675                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 261341.326675                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 260539.271671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260539.271671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 260539.271671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260539.271671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups               11006012                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          9319545                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           291548                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             7161716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                4729334                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            66.036324                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 682987                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             26515                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7888949                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     30101                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          574                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  665608                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5247941                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     8093                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         365                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 232480                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    13136890                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                     38194                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          939                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  898088                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     973403                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                    31216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                        1004                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                1004619                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       104578589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          21960114                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      56555379                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                   11006012                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           5412321                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     10656012                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1518801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              32354382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles               30030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       204805                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       243991                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          103                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  6896028                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               198863                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          66418859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.851496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.187669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                55762847     83.96%     83.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  696881      1.05%     85.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1363707      2.05%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  607827      0.92%     87.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 2362378      3.56%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  460793      0.69%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  493104      0.74%     92.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  775074      1.17%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3896248      5.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            66418859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.105242                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.540793                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                23145338                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             31820288                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  9657130                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               858074                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                938028                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              439220                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                31710                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              55497748                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts                98418                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                938028                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                24047696                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               12280609                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      16434779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  9089203                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              3628542                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              52477613                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 6876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                427894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1374075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           35152162                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups             63950241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups        63830636                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups           110747                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             30925813                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 4226341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts           1321793                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        195129                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  9844333                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             8256385                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5476723                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1002198                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores          667476                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  46574896                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1622063                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 45553168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            69417                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        5159281                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2712846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       1098313                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     66418859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.685847                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.329893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           46042875     69.32%     69.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            9328009     14.04%     83.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4252197      6.40%     89.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2720710      4.10%     93.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2085310      3.14%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1089347      1.64%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             576580      0.87%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             279468      0.42%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              44363      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       66418859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  65077     10.66%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     10.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                284948     46.66%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               260601     42.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3785      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             31229788     68.56%     68.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               47289      0.10%     68.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     68.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              14649      0.03%     68.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1883      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     68.71% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             8205422     18.01%     86.72% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5307142     11.65%     98.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            743210      1.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              45553168                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.435588                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     610626                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013405                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         157729759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         53136035                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     44625486                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             475478                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            231159                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       224228                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              45911492                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 248517                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          497947                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1006840                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3517                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        11189                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       378910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        13584                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       146356                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                938028                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                8572601                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles               702117                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           50999649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           565079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              8256385                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5476723                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           1432117                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                572819                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5269                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         11189                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        141170                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       315582                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              456752                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             45215846                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7939970                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           337321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                      2802690                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    13207799                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 7146234                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5267829                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.432362                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      44934571                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     44849714                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 22315831                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 29845824                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.428861                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.747704                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        5562563                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         523750                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           426483                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     65480831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.692465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.608721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     48404249     73.92%     73.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      7174588     10.96%     84.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3839849      5.86%     90.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2141053      3.27%     94.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1161993      1.77%     95.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       481151      0.73%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       411214      0.63%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       389126      0.59%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1477608      2.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     65480831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            45343202                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              45343202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      12347358                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      7249545                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     175312                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6808554                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                    222342                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 42040123                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              564734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1477608                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   114710793                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  102749676                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         949561                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       38159730                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  3702093008                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   42781436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42781436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             42781436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.444485                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.444485                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.409084                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.409084                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads                59516377                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               32453910                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                   110308                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                  111090                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads                1526243                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                747832                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   112873708                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2210500                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2210236                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12351                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12351                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           840492                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            5351                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1545                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6896                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           353777                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          312228                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          249                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1532372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2827999                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       634560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       901176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5896107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     49032512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    108336621                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     20304832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     35573309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          213247274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             213236842                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         1600000                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5059383343                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           733500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3452114362                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5048329138                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy        1429282335                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy        1486623569                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1434231                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7371                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7371                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               53903                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              53903                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        10490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        39094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  122548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        41960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        68202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2729826                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2729826                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              9845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           377802180                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            26743000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42660009                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           765570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          509.693534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            6090993                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           766079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             7.950868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      26716185250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.693534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.995495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      6090993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6090993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      6090993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         6090993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      6090993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        6090993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       805033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       805033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       805033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        805033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       805033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       805033                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11432598915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11432598915                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11432598915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  11432598915                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  11432598915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  11432598915                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      6896026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6896026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      6896026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      6896026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      6896026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      6896026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116739                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.116739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.116739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.116739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14201.404060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14201.404060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14201.404060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14201.404060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14201.404060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14201.404060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4227                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.630435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        38794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        38794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        38794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        38794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        38794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        38794                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       766239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       766239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       766239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       766239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       766239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       766239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9400829636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9400829636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9400829636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9400829636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9400829636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9400829636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.111113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.111113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.111113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12268.795553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12268.795553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12268.795553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12268.795553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12268.795553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12268.795553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1099493                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.490981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9327298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1100005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             8.479323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         25754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   471.490981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.920881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5751167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5751167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3244504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3244504                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       151160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       151160                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       174499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       174499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8995671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8995671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8995671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8995671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data      1359261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1359261                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1665675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1665675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        17016                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17016                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          764                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          764                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      3024936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       3024936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      3024936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      3024936                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  36687958870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36687958870                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  74828467074                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  74828467074                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    254575245                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    254575245                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4747557                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      4747557                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111516425944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 111516425944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111516425944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 111516425944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7110428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7110428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4910179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4910179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       168176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       168176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       175263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       175263                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12020607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12020607                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12020607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12020607                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.191164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.191164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.339229                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.101180                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.101180                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004359                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.004359                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.251646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.251646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.251646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.251646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26991.106837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26991.106837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44923.809911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44923.809911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14960.933533                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14960.933533                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6214.079843                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6214.079843                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36865.714165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36865.714165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 36865.714165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36865.714165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2890749                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          819                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            46898                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    61.639068                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          117                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       594718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           594718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       521771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       521771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1409219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1409219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data         4206                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         4206                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1930990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1930990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1930990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1930990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       837490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       837490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256456                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        12810                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12810                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          764                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          764                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1093946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1093946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1093946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1093946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24898598196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24898598196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10973118276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10973118276                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    152117754                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    152117754                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3219443                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3219443                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35871716472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35871716472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35871716472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35871716472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data    993486001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    993486001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1673832998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1673832998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2667318999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2667318999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.117783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.052229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052229                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076170                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076170                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004359                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004359                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.091006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29730.024473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29730.024473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42787.527981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42787.527981                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11874.922248                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11874.922248                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4213.930628                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4213.930628                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32791.121748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32791.121748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32791.121748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32791.121748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                3875512                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          3181518                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           119538                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             2413999                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                1363069                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            56.465185                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 281270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             11131                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2756439                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     11971                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            6                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  281635                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1697476                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                     2261                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          35                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 106637                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4453915                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                     14232                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           41                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  388272                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     435796                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     5916                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                         132                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 441712                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                        25703316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles           8513027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      18550498                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    3875512                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           1644339                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                      3370867                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                 594419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              10509044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles               24053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        56236                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       158916                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          118                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  2181303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                77306                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          23021613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.805786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.167146                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                19650746     85.36%     85.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  192109      0.83%     86.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  424155      1.84%     88.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                  258878      1.12%     89.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                  512227      2.22%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  176251      0.77%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                  202668      0.88%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  249358      1.08%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 1355221      5.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            23021613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.150779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.721716                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                 8599650                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             10723354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                  3129491                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               191921                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                377196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved              176309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                12258                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              18185515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts                36387                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                377196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                 8917984                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                3106321                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles       6595327                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                  2921217                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              1103566                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              17011608                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                267059                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents               236234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           11254383                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups             20310939                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups        20246817                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups            58360                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps              9542826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                 1711557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            544600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts         54677                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  3272980                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads             2918733                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            1792509                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads           312208                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores          170960                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  14943030                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             650638                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 14484391                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            37394                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2166782                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1088105                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        467114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23021613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.629165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.310842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           16750827     72.76%     72.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2784830     12.10%     84.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1224236      5.32%     90.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             874900      3.80%     93.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             759442      3.30%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             313710      1.36%     98.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             192948      0.84%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             103377      0.45%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              17343      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       23021613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19111      7.55%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      7.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                130840     51.68%     59.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               103199     40.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3518      0.02%      0.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              9521262     65.73%     65.76% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               23052      0.16%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     65.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              11116      0.08%     65.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     65.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     65.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     65.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1759      0.01%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     66.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             2876494     19.86%     85.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            1724250     11.90%     97.77% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            322940      2.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              14484391                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.563522                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     253150                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.017477                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          52052620                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         17652734                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14115090                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             228319                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            110924                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       107745                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              14614655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 119368                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          134347                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       418294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          981                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3304                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       169372                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         5236                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        20861                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                377196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                2407064                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               140680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           16469424                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           189598                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              2918733                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             1792509                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            583051                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 52184                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2431                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          3304                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         57543                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       133828                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              191371                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             14348807                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              2776029                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           135584                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       875756                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                     4481633                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 2254475                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   1705604                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.558247                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      14259530                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     14222835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                  6903248                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                  9726426                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.553346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.709741                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2312839                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         183524                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           178531                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22644417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.622505                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.551942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17386197     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2263939     10.00%     86.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1130304      4.99%     91.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       578693      2.56%     94.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       365284      1.61%     95.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       174241      0.77%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166825      0.74%     97.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       129123      0.57%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       449811      1.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22644417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            14096266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              14096266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                       4123576                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      2500439                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                      61456                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   2105755                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                    106451                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 13014804                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              225813                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events               449811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                    38521772                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                   33194220                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                         266846                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                        2681703                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  3780938744                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13322175                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13322175                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             13322175                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.929363                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.929363                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.518306                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.518306                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads                18552962                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               10191479                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                    58039                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                   58174                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads                 621722                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                265027                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           316719                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          504.225697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            1849767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           317231                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs             5.830978                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      49140510500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   504.225697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.984816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      1849767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        1849767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      1849767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         1849767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      1849767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        1849767                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       331536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       331536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       331536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        331536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       331536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       331536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4647513106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4647513106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4647513106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4647513106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4647513106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4647513106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      2181303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2181303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      2181303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      2181303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      2181303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      2181303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.151990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.151990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.151990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151990                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.151990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151990                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14018.125048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14018.125048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14018.125048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14018.125048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14018.125048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14018.125048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1365                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               71                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.225352                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        14239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        14239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        14239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       317297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       317297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       317297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       317297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       317297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       317297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3842042413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3842042413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3842042413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3842042413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3842042413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3842042413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.145462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.145462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145462                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.145462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.145462                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12108.662903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12108.662903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12108.662903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12108.662903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12108.662903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12108.662903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           323504                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          495.920224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3389718                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           323845                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.467100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      42037852500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   495.920224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.968594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2089496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2089496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1222054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1222054                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        41428                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        41428                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        44398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        44398                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3311550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3311550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3311550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3311550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       467553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       467553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       348721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       348721                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         7730                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         7730                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          782                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          782                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       816274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        816274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       816274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       816274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7286969700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7286969700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13547153677                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  13547153677                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    112298247                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    112298247                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5736606                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      5736606                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  20834123377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20834123377                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  20834123377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20834123377                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2557049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2557049                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1570775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1570775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        49158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        49158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        45180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        45180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4127824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4127824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4127824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4127824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.182849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.182849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.222006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.222006                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.157248                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.157248                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017309                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.017309                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.197749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.197749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.197749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.197749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15585.334069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15585.334069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38848.115476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38848.115476                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14527.586934                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14527.586934                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7335.813299                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7335.813299                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25523.443570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25523.443570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25523.443570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25523.443570                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       423453                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             7447                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.862226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       245774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           245774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       203756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       203756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       288423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       288423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1420                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1420                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       492179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       492179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       492179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       492179                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       263797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       263797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        60298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        60298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6310                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6310                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          781                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       324095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       324095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       324095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       324095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3377520942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3377520942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2032860866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2032860866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     70443003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70443003                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4174394                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4174394                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5410381808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5410381808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5410381808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5410381808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    489946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    489946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    936242002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    936242002                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1426188002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1426188002                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038387                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.128362                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128362                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017286                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017286                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12803.485036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12803.485036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33713.570367                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33713.570367                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11163.708875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11163.708875                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5344.934699                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5344.934699                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16693.814493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16693.814493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16693.814493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16693.814493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    4836                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    166329                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   57049     39.81%     39.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     39.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1924      1.34%     41.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     16      0.01%     41.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  84196     58.75%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              143316                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    56102     49.10%     49.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.11%     49.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1924      1.68%     50.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      16      0.01%     50.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   56086     49.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               114259                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1865433154000     98.01%     98.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               62620000      0.00%     98.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              558222500      0.03%     98.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30                8649500      0.00%     98.04% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            37274722500      1.96%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1903337368500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.983400                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.666136                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.797252                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.56%      3.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.44%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.78%     13.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        33     14.67%     28.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.44%     28.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.00%     32.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.44%     37.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.67%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.44%     40.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.33%     41.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.11%     44.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.89%     45.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.00%     61.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.33%     63.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.44%     67.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.44%     72.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.44%     72.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.67%     75.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       25     11.11%     86.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.33%     87.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.67%     90.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.44%     90.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.33%     92.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.89%     96.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.89%     97.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.44%     98.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.89%     99.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.89%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   225                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  104      0.07%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.07% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3010      1.99%      2.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      50      0.03%      2.09% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.10% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               136886     90.50%     92.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6293      4.16%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4358      2.88%     99.66% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 382      0.25%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     138      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                151247                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6436                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1343                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1342                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1343                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.208515                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.345160                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1901289587500     99.89%     99.89% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2047773000      0.11%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3011                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    3850                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     71149                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   24567     38.92%     38.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1923      3.05%     41.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    104      0.16%     42.13% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  36529     57.87%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               63123                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    24137     48.08%     48.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1923      3.83%     51.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     104      0.21%     52.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   24033     47.88%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                50197                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1869107624500     98.20%     98.20% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              533184500      0.03%     98.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               48972500      0.00%     98.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            33633158500      1.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1903322940000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.982497                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.657916                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.795225                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.89%     10.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         9      8.91%     19.80% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.99%     20.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.94%     26.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.97%     29.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.97%     32.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.96%     36.63% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.82%     54.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.97%     57.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.99%     58.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       29     28.71%     87.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.90%     97.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.97%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   101                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   16      0.02%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.03% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1228      1.89%      1.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      1.92% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      1.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                58251     89.62%     91.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2464      3.79%     95.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     95.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     95.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     95.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    2844      4.38%     99.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 133      0.20%     99.93% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      42      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 65000                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1608                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                397                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2054                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                463                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  397                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   66                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.287935                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.032132                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.228135                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       38501499500      2.02%      2.02% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user           724848000      0.04%      2.06% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1863406690000     97.94%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    1229                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
