
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.147136                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                147135976000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               147135976000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 529408                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   533204                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              859987474                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 373720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   171.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    90576861                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      91226312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             36992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            944768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               981760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        36992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           36992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                578                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data              14762                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 15340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               251414                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              6421054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 6672467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          251414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             251414                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              251414                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             6421054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                6672467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                      6672467                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                792                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             14548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            14548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        30680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       981760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total              981760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 981760                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            15340000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          138060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  442                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        294271952                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    90576861                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      91226312                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              72525674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     48                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      112245                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     15549034                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     72525674                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            48                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           464563355                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          106840357                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   54                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  30                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      27318810                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    22573966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4744844                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  294271952                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           510.071144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           107830172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          180016.981636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   510.071144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.249058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.249058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    107830172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       107830172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     107830172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        107830172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    107830172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       107830172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     32063000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     32063000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     32063000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    107830771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    107830771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    107830771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    107830771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    107830771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    107830771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53527.545910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53527.545910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53527.545910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53527.545910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53527.545910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53527.545910                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51527.545910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51527.545910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51527.545910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51527.545910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51527.545910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51527.545910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         9565.271881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1827177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs            15323                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs           119.244078                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  8876.925013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   495.124137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   193.222731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.270902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.015110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.291909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       899975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         899996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       942334                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       942334                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        32061                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        32061                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       932036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          932057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           21                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       932036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         932057                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total          792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        14548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        14548                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data        14762                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total         15340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data        14762                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total        15340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     11128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     41184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    756496000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    756496000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    767624000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    797680000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     30056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    767624000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    797680000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data       900189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       900788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       942334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       942334                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        46609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        46609                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       947397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       947397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000879                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312129                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.312129                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        14548                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        14762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      8560000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31680000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    581920000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    581920000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    590480000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    613600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    590480000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    613600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.964942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            942702                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3565.217259                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            26345364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            946798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             27.825750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       54472394000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3565.217259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.870414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     21649218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        21649218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      4688372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4688372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         3887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3887                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         3887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3887                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      26337590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26337590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     26337590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26337590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       900189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        900189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        46609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        46609                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         946798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        946798                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11711445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11711445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1216933000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1216933000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  12928378000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  12928378000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  12928378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  12928378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     22549407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     22549407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      4734981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4734981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         3887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3887                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         3887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3887                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     27284388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27284388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     27284388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27284388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009844                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.034701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.034701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13009.984570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13009.984570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 26109.399472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26109.399472                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13654.842955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13654.842955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13654.842955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13654.842955                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       942334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            942334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       900189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       900189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        46609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        46609                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       946798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       946798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       946798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9911067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9911067000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1123715000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1123715000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11034782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11034782000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11034782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11034782000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009844                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11009.984570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11009.984570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24109.399472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24109.399472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11654.842955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11654.842955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11654.842955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11654.842955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               821979690                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         900788                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        900788                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       942334                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        46609                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        46609                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2835930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           2837128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        38336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    120904448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      120942784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         120942784                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     1887199500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        898500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1420197000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
