
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.202242                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                202242260000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               202242260000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 788005                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   798208                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1185781953                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 240044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   170.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   134398962                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     136139190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            591488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data           7826624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              8418112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       591488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          591488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      5303552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           5303552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               9242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             122291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                131533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           82868                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                82868                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              2924651                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             38699251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                41623902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         2924651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            2924651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          26223758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               26223758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          26223758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             2924651                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            38699251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               67847660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     67847660                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               30277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              30277                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             82868                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            101256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           101256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       345934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 345934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     13721664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            13721664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               13721664                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           877345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1183797000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1946                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        404484520                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   134398962                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     136139190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             115187746                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2326977                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1709332                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      8898969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    115187746                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2326977                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           263032361                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          113147733                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4725607                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1150968                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      58160248                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    37275867                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   20884381                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  404484520                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            184976                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          2004.815325                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           134366547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            187024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            718.445478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      143972294000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2004.815325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.978914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    134366547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       134366547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     134366547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        134366547                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    134366547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       134366547                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        187024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         187024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        187024                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2819681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2819681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2819681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2819681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2819681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2819681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    134553571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    134553571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    134553571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    134553571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    134553571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    134553571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15076.573060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15076.573060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15076.573060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15076.573060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15076.573060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15076.573060                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       187024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       187024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       187024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2445633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2445633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2445633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2445633000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2445633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2445633000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13076.573060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13076.573060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13076.573060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13076.573060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13076.573060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13076.573060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements            98540                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30850.759699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             226933                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           129534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             1.751918                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26245.550341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3385.944777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1219.264582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.800951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.103331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.037209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       177782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data        24464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total         202246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       123970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       123970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         3923                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         3923                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       177782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        28387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          206169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       177782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        28387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         206169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         9242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        21035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total        30277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       101256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       101256                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         9242                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       122291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        131533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         9242                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       122291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       131533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    480789000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1093974000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1574763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5265313000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5265313000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    480789000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   6359287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   6840076000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    480789000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   6359287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   6840076000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data        45499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       232523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       123970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       123970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       105179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       105179                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       150678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       337702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       187024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       150678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       337702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.049416                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.462318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.130211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.962702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.962702                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.049416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.811605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.389494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.049416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.811605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.389494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52022.181346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52007.321131                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52011.857185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52000.009876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.009876                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52022.181346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52001.267469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52002.736956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52022.181346                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52001.267469                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52002.736956                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        82868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            82868                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        21035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       101256                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       101256                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       122291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       131533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         9242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       122291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       131533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    369885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    841554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4050241000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4050241000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    369885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4891795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5261680000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    369885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4891795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5261680000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.049416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.462318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.130211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.962702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.049416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.811605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.049416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.811605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40022.181346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40007.321131                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40011.857185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40000.009876                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40000.009876                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40022.181346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40001.267469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40002.736956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40022.181346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40001.267469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40002.736956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            146582                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.648350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            57960842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            150678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            384.666919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         769040000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4087.648350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     37185801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        37185801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     20759140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20759140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data        15901                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total           15901                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      57944941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         57944941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     57944941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        57944941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        45499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         45499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       105164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       105164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu.data           15                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total            15                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       150663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         150663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       150663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        150663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1475111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1475111000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5619675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5619675000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       405000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       405000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   7094786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7094786000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data   7094786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7094786000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     37231300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     37231300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     20864304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20864304                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data        15916                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total        15916                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     58095604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     58095604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     58095604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     58095604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005040                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000942                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32420.734522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32420.734522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53437.250390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53437.250390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        27000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total        27000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47090.433617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47090.433617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 47090.433617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47090.433617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       123970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            123970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        45499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       105164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       105164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           15                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       150663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       150663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       150663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1384113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1384113000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5409347000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5409347000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       375000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       375000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6793460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6793460000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6793460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6793460000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000942                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30420.734522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30420.734522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 51437.250390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51437.250390                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        25000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        25000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45090.433617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45090.433617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45090.433617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45090.433617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               146097102                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         232523                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        232523                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       123970                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       105179                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       105179                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       374048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       425326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total            799374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     11969536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     17577472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total       29547008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus          29547008                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      354806000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     280536000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     226017000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
