
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000729                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   729024000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  729024000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1392779                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1392763                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              507683499                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 238176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     1.44                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     1999959                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1999959                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            25792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            25792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data            29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst            25792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data            29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst            25792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data            29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               219392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        25792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        25792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        25792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        25792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          103168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data               454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst               403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data               454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst               403                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data               454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            35378808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            39856027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            35378808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            39856027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            35378808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data            39856027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst            35378808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data            39856027                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               300939338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       35378808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       35378808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       35378808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       35378808                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          141515231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           35378808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           39856027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           35378808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           39856027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst           35378808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data           39856027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst           35378808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data           39856027                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              300939338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                    300939338                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2872                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              556                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         6856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   6856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       219392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total              219392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 219392                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             4229968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31051500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                 1943.172107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                        332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                     2932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     0.113233                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      17.224555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      265.011494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data      216.488870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      265.006320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      216.484940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      265.001344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data      216.481052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      264.996369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data      216.477163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.004044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.003303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.004044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.003303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.004044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.003303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.004044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.003303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.029650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                 60                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                 60                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                 60                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                 60                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                    276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks             116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                  116                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                  60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                  60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                  60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                  60                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                     276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                 60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                 60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                 60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                 60                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                    276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data              315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst              403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data              315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst              403                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data              315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                 2872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data            139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data            139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data            139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data            139                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                556                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data               454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data               454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data               454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                  3428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data              454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data              454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              403                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data              454                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                 3428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21101500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16409500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     21110000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16409500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     21118500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     16409500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     21129500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     16412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      150100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7252500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29010000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21101500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     21110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     21118500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data     23662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     21129500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data     23664500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total       179110000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     21101500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     23662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     21110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     23662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     21118500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data     23662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     21129500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data     23664500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total      179110000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data            324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data            324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data            324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data            324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               3148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total              116                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              556                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data             463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data             463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data             463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                3704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data            463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data            463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data            463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               3704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.870410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.870410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.870410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.870410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.912325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.870410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.980562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.870410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.980562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.870410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.980562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.870410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.980562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.925486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.870410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.980562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.870410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.980562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.870410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.980562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.870410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.980562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.925486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52361.042184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52093.650794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52382.133995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52093.650794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52403.225806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52093.650794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 52430.521092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52101.587302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52263.231198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52176.258993                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52176.258993                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52176.258993                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52176.258993                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52176.258993                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52361.042184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52118.942731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52382.133995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52118.942731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52403.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52118.942731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 52430.521092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52124.449339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52249.124854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 52361.042184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52118.942731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 52382.133995                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52118.942731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 52403.225806                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52118.942731                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 52430.521092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52124.449339                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52249.124854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total             3428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total            3428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     12600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     16274000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12629500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16282500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     12629500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16293500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     12632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115461000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5560000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      5584500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5584500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      5584500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22313500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     16274000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16282500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     18214000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16293500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     18216500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    137774500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     16274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     16282500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     18214000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     16293500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     18216500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    137774500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.912325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.980562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.980562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.980562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.980562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.925486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.980562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.980562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.980562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.870410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.980562                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40382.133995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40093.650794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40403.225806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40093.650794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40430.521092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40101.587302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40202.298050                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40176.258993                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40176.258993                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40176.258993                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40132.194245                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40382.133995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40118.942731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40403.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40118.942731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40430.521092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40124.449339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40190.927655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 40382.133995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40118.942731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 40403.225806                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40118.942731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 40430.521092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40124.449339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40190.927655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   335352471                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               3148                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              3148                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback              116                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              556                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             556                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  7524                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        29632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        29632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        29632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        29632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        31488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total             244480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus                244480                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            2374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy           2083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           2083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy           2083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy           2083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy           2083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           2083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy           2083500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                      124435                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  124443                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                      56340                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                  56350                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                      180775                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                        18                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  180793                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                     500020                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                       13                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                 500033                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                         1458048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     500001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       500001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               474689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      14357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        38180                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      474689                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             654286                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            371542                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       180793                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     124443                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     56350                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                   1458048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          216.376897                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             499557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          1078.956803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   216.376897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.422611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       499557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         499557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       499557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          499557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       499557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         499557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     23096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       500020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       500020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       500020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       500020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       500020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       500020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49883.369330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49883.369330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49883.369330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49883.369330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49883.369330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49883.369330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22170000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22170000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     22170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22170000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47883.369330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47883.369330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47883.369330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47883.369330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 47883.369330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47883.369330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements               61                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.500146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs             180312                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           389.442765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   273.500146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.534180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.534180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data       124111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         124111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        56201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         56201                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data       180312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total          180312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data       180312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total         180312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     17474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7669500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7669500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     25144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     25144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        56340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       180775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       180775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53933.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53933.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total               29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     16826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      7391500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7391500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     24218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 51933.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51933.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                      124435                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  124443                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                      56339                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  56349                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                      180774                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                        18                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  180792                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     500012                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                       13                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 500025                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.numCycles                         1458048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     499993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       499993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               474681                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                    32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                      14357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        38179                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      474681                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                           32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             654273                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            371536                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                  32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                       180792                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     124443                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     56349                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                   1458048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          216.373058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             499549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          1078.939525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   216.373058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.422604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       499549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         499549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       499549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          499549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       499549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         499549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     23105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       500012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       500012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       500012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       500012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       500012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       500012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49902.807775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49902.807775                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49902.807775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49902.807775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 49902.807775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49902.807775                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     22179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47902.807775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47902.807775                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47902.807775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47902.807775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 47902.807775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47902.807775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements               61                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.495183                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs             180311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           389.440605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   273.495183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.534170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.534170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data       124111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         124111                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        56200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         56200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data       180311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total          180311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data       180311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total         180311                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     17474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7669500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7669500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     25144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     25144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data       124435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       180774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       180774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53933.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53933.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total               29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      7391500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7391500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51933.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51933.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                      124433                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  124441                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                      56339                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  56349                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                      180772                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                        18                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  180790                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     500005                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                       13                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 500018                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.numCycles                         1458048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     499986                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       499986                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               474674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      14357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        38179                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      474674                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             654263                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            371529                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       180790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     124441                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     56349                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                   1458048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          216.369218                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             499542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          1078.924406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   216.369218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.422596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       499542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         499542                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       499542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          499542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       499542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         499542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     23114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23114000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     23114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23114000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     23114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23114000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       500005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       500005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       500005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       500005                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       500005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       500005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49922.246220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49922.246220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49922.246220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49922.246220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49922.246220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49922.246220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     22188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     22188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     22188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47922.246220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47922.246220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47922.246220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47922.246220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 47922.246220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47922.246220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements               61                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.490220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs             180309                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           389.436285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   273.490220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.534161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.534161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data       124109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         124109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        56200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         56200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data       180309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total          180309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data       180309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total         180309                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     17474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7669500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7669500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data     25144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     25144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data     25144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     25144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data       124433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124433                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        56339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       180772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       180772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53933.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53933.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 55176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total               29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     16826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      7391500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7391500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     24218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     24218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 51933.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51933.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_hits                      124431                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.dtb.read_misses                         8                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.read_accesses                  124439                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_hits                      56339                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.dtb.write_misses                       10                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.dtb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.write_accesses                  56349                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_hits                      180770                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.dtb.data_misses                        18                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.dtb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.dtb.data_accesses                  180788                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_hits                     499998                       # ITB hits
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_misses                       13                       # ITB misses
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu3.itb.fetch_accesses                 500011                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu3.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu3.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu3.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu3.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu3.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu3.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu3.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu3.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu3.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu3.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu3.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu3.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.numCycles                         1458048                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     499979                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       499979                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               474668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    32                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      14357                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        38178                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      474668                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           32                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             654256                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            371524                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  32                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                 16                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       180788                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     124439                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     56349                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                   1458048                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          216.365379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             499535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          1078.909287                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   216.365379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.422589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       499535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         499535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       499535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          499535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       499535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         499535                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     23123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     23123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     23123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       499998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       499998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       499998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       499998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       499998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       499998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49941.684665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49941.684665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49941.684665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49941.684665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 49941.684665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49941.684665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     22197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22197000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     22197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22197000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     22197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22197000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47941.684665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47941.684665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47941.684665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47941.684665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 47941.684665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47941.684665                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements               61                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          273.485257                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs             180307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs           389.431965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   273.485257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.534151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.534151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data       124107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         124107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        56200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         56200                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data       180307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total          180307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data       180307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total         180307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     17474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17474500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7669500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7669500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data     25144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     25144000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data     25144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     25144000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data       124431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        56339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56339                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       180770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total       180770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       180770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total       180770                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53933.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53933.641975                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 55176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55176.258993                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54306.695464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total               29                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     16826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16826500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      7391500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7391500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     24218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     24218000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     24218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     24218000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002467                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 51933.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51933.641975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53176.258993                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52306.695464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
