
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.137456                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5137456264000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5137456264000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 176189                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   350219                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3709429360                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1030148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1384.97                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   244016231                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485043652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide      2422400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           383808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5693376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           137536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1729152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           448384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2947264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             13764480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       383808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       137536                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       448384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          969728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9086592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9086592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide        37850                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              5997                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             88959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             27018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              7006                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             46051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                215070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          141978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               141978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide       471517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            50                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               74708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1108209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               26771                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              336577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker            25                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               87277                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              573682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2679240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          74708                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          26771                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          87277                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             188756                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1768695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1768695                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1768695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide       471517                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           50                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              74708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1108209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              26771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             336577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker           25                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              87277                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             573682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4447935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        102292                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        78374                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      102292                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      78374                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  6544384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   5015936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   6546688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                5015936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            862                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                6805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                7244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                6375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                6857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                6927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                6780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                6310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               6231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               6160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                5462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                5811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                5445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                5461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           5                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5136272146500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  102292                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  78374                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     79930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      3355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      1482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      1139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      1118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                       809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                       828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                       776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                       583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                      457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                      398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                      373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      313                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      3289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      3317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      3333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      3348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      3412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      3499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      3502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      3527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      3740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      3713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     3732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     3757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     4015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     3738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     3805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     3899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     3326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     3258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        37207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      310.623700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     146.064630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1005.971949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          16908     45.44%     45.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         5765     15.49%     60.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         3845     10.33%     71.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2398      6.45%     77.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1477      3.97%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1206      3.24%     84.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451          882      2.37%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          634      1.70%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          564      1.52%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          479      1.29%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          331      0.89%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          285      0.77%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          209      0.56%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          204      0.55%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          197      0.53%     95.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          303      0.81%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          153      0.41%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155          117      0.31%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219           75      0.20%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283           61      0.16%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347          106      0.28%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          199      0.53%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475           97      0.26%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539           87      0.23%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           45      0.12%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           43      0.12%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           26      0.07%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795           28      0.08%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           16      0.04%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           12      0.03%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           10      0.03%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           10      0.03%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115           17      0.05%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179            7      0.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243           10      0.03%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307            3      0.01%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371            3      0.01%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435            7      0.02%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499            3      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563            7      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627            1      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691            9      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755            4      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819            6      0.02%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883            6      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947            2      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011            2      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075           13      0.03%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139            4      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203            1      0.00%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267            2      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331            3      0.01%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395            4      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459            4      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523            2      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587            3      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651            7      0.02%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715            2      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779            3      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843            2      0.01%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907           24      0.06%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035            2      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099           10      0.03%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163            4      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291           25      0.07%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483            2      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4675            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4739            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5059            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123            3      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5187            2      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379            2      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507           23      0.06%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5635            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5763            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5827            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5955            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6083            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6275            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6403            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6467            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6531            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6595            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6723            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851            2      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043            5      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7107            1      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171            6      0.02%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7363            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7555            1      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7619            1      0.00%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7683            2      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7747            1      0.00%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7875            2      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939            1      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8067            3      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195            4      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8387            2      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8640-8643            2      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8771            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8899            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8963            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9091            1      0.00%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9219            4      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9408-9411            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9539            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9603            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9731            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9795            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9859            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10051            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10179            2      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10499            1      0.00%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10560-10563            1      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10755            1      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11011            1      0.00%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11136-11139            2      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11267            2      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11523            2      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11648-11651            1      0.00%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11712-11715            2      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11840-11843            1      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11968-11971            1      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12035            1      0.00%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12224-12227            1      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12291            1      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12547            1      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12675            1      0.00%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12736-12739            2      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12803            1      0.00%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12928-12931            1      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13059            1      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13120-13123            1      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13251            1      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13443            1      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13507            1      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13571            1      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13699            1      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13888-13891            2      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14144-14147            1      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14272-14275            1      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14339            1      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14400-14403            1      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14595            1      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14659            1      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14720-14723            1      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14784-14787            2      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14912-14915            4      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14979            2      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15043            3      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15107            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            2      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15235            3      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15299            5      0.01%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363            8      0.02%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15427            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15491            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15552-15555            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15680-15683            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15808-15811            2      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16003            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16064-16067            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16131            2      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            3      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16259           11      0.03%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16320-16323           14      0.04%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387           22      0.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          37207                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     2596442750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                4566061500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    511280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  1458338750                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       25391.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    14261.64                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  44653.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.98                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.98                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      86197                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     57226                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     28429655.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      79.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.13                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                      6440814                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              424797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             424797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             78374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             877                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             80570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            80570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq              957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp             957                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         1914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         1914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       312158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       497710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       221000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1030868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        68894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        68894                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1101676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         3828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       160435                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio       995417                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      8741760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      9897612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2820864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2820864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            12722304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               32756791                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus           332608                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           164980499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           315323500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             1914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           859913497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy             957000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1658568572                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy          223775499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   103968                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64819.095791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3669692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   168243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    21.811855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   51211.809516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.121912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1304.363790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4492.907273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      251.742289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1518.622796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    11.780510                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker     0.958868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1352.233300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     4674.555536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.781430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.019903                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.068556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.003841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.023172                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.020633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.071328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.989061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        21716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             326601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             505560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5651                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             148959                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             223967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        55385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        11312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             366888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             576803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                2264826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks         1544272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total              1544272                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             123                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              38                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              95                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 256                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            65648                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            35064                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            65209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               165921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         21716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         11488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              326601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              571208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         10498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              148959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              259031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         55385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         11312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              366888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              642012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2430749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        21716                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             326601                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             571208                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        10498                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5651                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             148959                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             259031                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        55385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        11312                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             366888                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             642012                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2430749                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             5997                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data            15878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             2150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             4005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             7008                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data            12968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                48046                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           707                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           185                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           493                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1385                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          73415                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          23238                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          33467                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             130120                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              5997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             89293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             27243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              7008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             46435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                178166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             5997                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            89293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            27243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             7008                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            46435                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               178166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    161561250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    314335492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2727499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       170750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    583607489                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1035968985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     2098371465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3143902                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      6170749                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      9314651                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1653854893                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2482673598                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4136528491                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    161561250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1968190385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2727499                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       170750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    583607489                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3518642583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6234899956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    161561250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1968190385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2727499                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       170750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    583607489                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3518642583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6234899956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         332598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         521438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         151109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         227972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        55419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        11314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         373896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         589771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2312872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1544272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total          1544272                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          830                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          223                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          588                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1641                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       139063                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        58302                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        98676                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           296041                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11492                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          332598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          660501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          151109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          286274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        55419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        11314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          373896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          688447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2608915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        21716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11492                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         332598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         660501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        10498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         151109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         286274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        55419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        11314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         373896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         688447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2608915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.030450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.018743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.021988                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.020773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.851807                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.829596                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.838435                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.843998                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.527926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.398580                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.339160                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.439534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.135190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.014228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.095164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.018743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.067449                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.068291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.135190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.014228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.095164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.018743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.067449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.068291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75144.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78485.765793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 80220.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        85375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83277.324344                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79886.565777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43674.217729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16994.064865                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12516.732252                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6725.379783                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71170.276831                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 74182.735172                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31790.105218                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75144.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72245.728628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 80220.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        85375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83277.324344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75775.655928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34994.892157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75144.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72245.728628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 80220.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        85375                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83277.324344                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75775.655928                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34994.892157                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               95311                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    95311                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         7006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          185                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          493                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          678                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        23238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        33467                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         56705                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        27243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         7006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        46435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            82870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        27243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         7006                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        46435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           82870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    134244250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    264246008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2308001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       145750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    495740261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    873454007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1770138277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2450173                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      5190488                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7640661                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1355864107                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2052275856                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3408139963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    134244250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1620110115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2308001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       145750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    495740261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2925729863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5178278240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    134244250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1620110115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      2308001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker       145750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    495740261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2925729863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5178278240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28143642000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30477969500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58621611500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    483707000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    766316000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1250023000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28627349000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  31244285500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59871634500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.021988                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.829596                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.838435                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413163                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.398580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.339160                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.191544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067449                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.031764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.014228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.095164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.018738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62439.186047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65979.028215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 67882.382353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        72875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70759.386383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 67354.565623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67652.905676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13244.178378                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 10528.373225                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11269.411504                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58346.850288                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 61322.372964                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60102.988502                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62439.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59468.858606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 67882.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        72875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70759.386383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63006.996081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62486.765295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62439.186047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59468.858606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 67882.382353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        72875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 70759.386383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63006.996081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62486.765295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47574                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.092731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000213887009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.092731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.005796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           46720                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47629                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47629                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    135882017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    135882017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   5955673280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5955673280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6091555297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   6091555297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6091555297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   6091555297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         46720                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 149485.167217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149485.167217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 127475.883562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127475.883562                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 127895.930987                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127895.930987                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 127895.930987                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127895.930987                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         91729                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5124                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.901835                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24064                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        24818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     96648017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96648017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4703544282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4703544282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4800192299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4800192299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   4800192299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4800192299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.829483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.829483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.515068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515068                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.521069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.521069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 128180.393899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 128180.393899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 195459.785655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195459.785655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 193415.758683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193415.758683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 193415.758683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 193415.758683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           31                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    52370833                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1836862                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1836332                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             7056                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           922959                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             811                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            811                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           181042                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          156978                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1050040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3684115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        38115                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       140219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               4912489                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     33600320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    122621708                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       135720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       527336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          156885084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             268925359                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus          127504                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         5157428290                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy          1008000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2365130940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4803653283                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          21171206                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          74417261                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1276721                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               150736                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              150736                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               30161                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              30161                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               957                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              957                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       287076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        15082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       312158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        49636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        49636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         1914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  363708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           18                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         3380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           23                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio            9                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       143538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio         7541                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       160435                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1576592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      1576592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3828                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              1740855                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 6559098                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2255722                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                28000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              4948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                39000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                15000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            143539000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              458000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy               86000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            11248000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           218954798                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           306061000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            29747501                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              957000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1152461068                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   71542662                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    145644721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            133686522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     963574                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14130614                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   133686522                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          245609809                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         114802156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            83145706                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           55494396                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13834339                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10142209                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3692130                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1095316733.110107                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              57144334.889893                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.049585                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.950415                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           857108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.816977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          128607019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           857620                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           149.958046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     147466681500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   303.791229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   134.865519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    72.160229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.593342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.263409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.140938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     87032678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     38704601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2869740                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      128607019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     87032678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     38704601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2869740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       128607019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     87032678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     38704601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2869740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      128607019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       332599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       151109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       394689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       878397                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       332599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       151109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       394689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        878397                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       332599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       151109                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       394689                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       878397                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2111983250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5690259841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7802243091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2111983250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5690259841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7802243091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2111983250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5690259841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7802243091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     87365277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     38855710                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3264429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    129485416                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     87365277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     38855710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3264429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    129485416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     87365277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     38855710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3264429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    129485416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.120906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13976.555003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14417.072280                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8882.365367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13976.555003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14417.072280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8882.365367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13976.555003                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14417.072280                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8882.365367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         6122                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    26.617391                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        20763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        20763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        20763                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20763                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       151109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       373926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       525035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       151109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       373926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       525035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       151109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       373926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       525035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1808966750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4711215798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6520182548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1808966750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4711215798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6520182548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1808966750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4711215798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6520182548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004055                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.003889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004055                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11971.270738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12599.326599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12418.567425                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11971.270738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12599.326599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12418.567425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11971.270738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 12599.326599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12418.567425                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1634697                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19613816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1635209                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.994684                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   200.851253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   304.204078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.944124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.392288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.594149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.013563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5007486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2456211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4066814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11530511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3548930                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1627224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2905330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8081484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8556416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4083435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6972144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19611995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8556416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4083435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6972144                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19611995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       521438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       227972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       965445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1714855                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       139893                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        58525                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       116582                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       315000                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       661331                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       286497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1082027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2029855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       661331                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       286497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1082027                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2029855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3246346508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  15541427611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18787774119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2199408780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3682017546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5881426326                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5445755288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19223445157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24669200445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5445755288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19223445157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24669200445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5528924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2684183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      5032259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13245366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3688823                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1685749                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3021912                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8396484                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9217747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4369932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8054171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21641850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9217747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4369932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8054171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21641850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.094311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.084932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.191851                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.129468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037923                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034718                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038579                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.037516                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.134344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.093793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.071745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.134344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.093793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14240.110663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16097.683049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10955.896632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 37580.671166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31583.070680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18671.194686                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19008.070898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17766.141840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12153.183575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19008.070898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17766.141840                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12153.183575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       177963                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            11847                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.021778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1544272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1544272                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       375629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       375629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        17363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        17363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       392992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       392992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       392992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       392992                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       227972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       589816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       817788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        58525                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        99219                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       157744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       286497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       689035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       975532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       286497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       689035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       975532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2789367492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8524003053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11313370545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2071430220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3281431451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5352861671                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4860797712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11805434504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16666232216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4860797712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11805434504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16666232216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30612926500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33246502500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63859429000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    519657500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    815190500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1334848000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31132584000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  34061693000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  65194277000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.084932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.117207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.061741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034718                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018787                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.085550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.085550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12235.570561                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14451.969857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13834.111707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35393.937975                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 33072.611607                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33933.852768                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16966.312778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17133.287139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17084.249636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16966.312778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17133.287139                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17084.249636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2606011326                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   35164948                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     68413270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             63529188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     457891                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6471423                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    63529188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          117257194                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          54850904                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            36014934                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           26882843                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4560424                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2872895                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1687529                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2475874291.383945                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              130137034.616055                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.049937                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.950063                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               29049356                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         29049356                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           330189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26516680                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25920061                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.750024                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 553809                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             66194                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       157465018                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          10014190                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     143120520                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   29049356                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26473870                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     54776048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1540394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     78659                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              25463388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                3574                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             6100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        25165                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          454                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3264432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               152504                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2125                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          91560833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             3.080398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.405930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                36927513     40.33%     40.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  611138      0.67%     41.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23812381     26.01%     67.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  328703      0.36%     67.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  619714      0.68%     68.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  832275      0.91%     68.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  355282      0.39%     69.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  540716      0.59%     69.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27533111     30.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            91560833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.184481                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.908904                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                11521398                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             24357574                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 32837645                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              1316376                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1196608                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             281192085                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                   11                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1196608                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                12539536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               14626708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4503596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 32964525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              5398696                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             280154725                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 7234                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               2491982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents              2219031                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          334708153                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            610319016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       374834819                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups               56                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            324049688                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10658465                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            153621                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        154561                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 11685330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6409686                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3556417                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           350066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          288206                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 278401976                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             420214                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                276663998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            65469                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7519016                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11586940                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         57670                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     91560833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        3.021641                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.405034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           27548029     30.09%     30.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            6302445      6.88%     36.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4040687      4.41%     41.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2809709      3.07%     44.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           25166051     27.49%     71.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1389542      1.52%     73.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23947180     26.15%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             301462      0.33%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              55728      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       91560833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 136321     35.17%     35.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   124      0.03%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     35.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                194124     50.09%     85.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                56993     14.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            81905      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            266468718     96.31%     96.34% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               56660      0.02%     96.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                48242      0.02%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.38% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6674536      2.41%     98.79% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3333937      1.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             276663998                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.756987                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     387562                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.001401                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         645385259                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        286345237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    275267423                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 94                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               106                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           22                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             276969613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     42                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          657734                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1052819                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         6947                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4672                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       529632                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       656268                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10631                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1196608                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                9811775                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               820688                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          278822190                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            75669                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6409704                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3556417                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            239796                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                634227                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 4101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          4672                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        184871                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190702                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              375573                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            276137017                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6556879                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           526981                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     9821909                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                28090459                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3265030                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.753640                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     275979435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    275267445                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                214496489                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                350700107                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.748118                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7834345                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         362544                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           332977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     90364225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.998816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.871519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     32381210     35.83%     35.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4545159      5.03%     40.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1281676      1.42%     42.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24783522     27.43%     69.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       890698      0.99%     70.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       597656      0.66%     71.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       358639      0.40%     71.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23381642     25.87%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2144023      2.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     90364225                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           137308621                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             270985661                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8383670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5356885                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     165489                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27738642                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                         0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                247503684                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              442390                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2144023                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   367011505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  558841004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         481956                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       65904185                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4905068069                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  137308621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    270985661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total            137308621                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.146796                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.146796                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.871994                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.871994                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               367544012                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              220503659                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    72990                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   72968                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                140406201                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               108013944                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               89640596                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                136839                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
