
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.403659                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2403658742000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2403658742000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 141358                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   181555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5632122143                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 447420                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   426.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60328128                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      77483556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total                8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total            8                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst            8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total               8                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd    114819072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           512480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          7049296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            64128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           674944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker          448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           186496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          1353888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            124661072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       512480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        64128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       186496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          763104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      3743872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       1298256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data        159304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2.data       1558256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           6759688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd      14352384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             14210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            110179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             10546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              2914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             21162                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total              14512409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           58498                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           324564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data            39826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2.data           389564                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               812452                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        47768458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            53                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              213208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             2932736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               26679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              280799                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.itb.walker            27                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               77588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              563261                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51863049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         213208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          26679                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          77588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             317476                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1557572                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data             540117                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data              66276                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2.data             648285                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                2812249                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1557572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       47768458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           53                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             213208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3472852                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              26679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             347074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.itb.walker           27                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              77588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1211546                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               54675299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                      13477345                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       446482                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                    13477345                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     446482                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                862550080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2865536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 109813728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2811448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  401707                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           2370                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              837716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              837382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              837561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              838016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              839132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              839847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              839973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              841200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              842679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              845377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             845421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             845910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             847235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             846991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             846262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             846643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                3472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                3199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                2233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               3814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               3447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    2402623562000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       8                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                13441712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   35625                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 429390                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  17092                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    971418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    948778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    943230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   3279616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   2365953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   2365403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   2381873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     45829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     51923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                     17633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                    17632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                    17623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                    17610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                    17603                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                    17598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                    17596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                       27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      2024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      2445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      2034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      2193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      2289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      2015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      2021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      2045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      1991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      1984                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     1977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     1972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     1965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     1966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     1957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     1961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     1947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                       64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        48550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean    17825.239135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean    3190.498487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   18342.849091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71           8610     17.73%     17.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135         4856     10.00%     27.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199          981      2.02%     29.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263          733      1.51%     31.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327          427      0.88%     32.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391          370      0.76%     32.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455          272      0.56%     33.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519          308      0.63%     34.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          164      0.34%     34.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          164      0.34%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          166      0.34%     35.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          231      0.48%     35.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839           82      0.17%     35.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903           88      0.18%     35.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967           37      0.08%     36.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          306      0.63%     36.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095           22      0.05%     36.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159           33      0.07%     36.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           21      0.04%     36.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287           99      0.20%     37.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           20      0.04%     37.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          170      0.35%     37.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           13      0.03%     37.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          137      0.28%     37.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           12      0.02%     37.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           29      0.06%     37.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           10      0.02%     37.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          139      0.29%     38.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863            7      0.01%     38.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           11      0.02%     38.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991            8      0.02%     38.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          378      0.78%     38.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119            6      0.01%     38.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183            7      0.01%     38.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247            7      0.01%     38.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           70      0.14%     39.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375            6      0.01%     39.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439            4      0.01%     39.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503            3      0.01%     39.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           71      0.15%     39.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631            5      0.01%     39.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695            4      0.01%     39.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759            4      0.01%     39.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823            9      0.02%     39.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887            7      0.01%     39.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951            7      0.01%     39.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            5      0.01%     39.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          411      0.85%     40.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143            5      0.01%     40.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207            4      0.01%     40.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            1      0.00%     40.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335          132      0.27%     40.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            3      0.01%     40.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463            6      0.01%     40.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527            7      0.01%     40.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           67      0.14%     40.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            5      0.01%     40.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719            5      0.01%     40.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783            3      0.01%     40.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           73      0.15%     40.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911            4      0.01%     40.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975            6      0.01%     40.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          384      0.79%     41.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            7      0.01%     41.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231            7      0.01%     41.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            3      0.01%     41.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359          131      0.27%     41.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423            8      0.02%     42.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487            2      0.00%     42.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551            2      0.00%     42.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           68      0.14%     42.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            2      0.00%     42.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            2      0.00%     42.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            5      0.01%     42.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871           34      0.07%     42.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            2      0.00%     42.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999            6      0.01%     42.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            4      0.01%     42.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          263      0.54%     42.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            1      0.00%     42.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255            3      0.01%     42.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            5      0.01%     42.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383          131      0.27%     43.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447            4      0.01%     43.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511            9      0.02%     43.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            3      0.01%     43.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639           70      0.14%     43.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            3      0.01%     43.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767            4      0.01%     43.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            5      0.01%     43.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          103      0.21%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            1      0.00%     43.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023            4      0.01%     43.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087            9      0.02%     43.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151          323      0.67%     44.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6215            3      0.01%     44.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            1      0.00%     44.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407            4      0.01%     44.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            7      0.01%     44.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           82      0.17%     44.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6727            1      0.00%     44.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791            8      0.02%     44.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            4      0.01%     44.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919            3      0.01%     44.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            4      0.01%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            2      0.00%     44.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175          292      0.60%     45.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303            2      0.00%     45.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367           14      0.03%     45.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431            4      0.01%     45.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687          128      0.26%     45.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           65      0.13%     45.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            1      0.00%     45.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          415      0.85%     46.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           65      0.13%     46.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711          128      0.26%     46.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223          291      0.60%     47.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479            1      0.00%     47.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           81      0.17%     47.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991            3      0.01%     47.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247          320      0.66%     48.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           64      0.13%     48.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           64      0.13%     48.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015          128      0.26%     48.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          256      0.53%     49.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527           32      0.07%     49.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           64      0.13%     49.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039          128      0.26%     49.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          375      0.77%     50.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           68      0.14%     50.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12608-12615            1      0.00%     50.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           65      0.13%     50.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063          125      0.26%     50.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13120-13127            1      0.00%     51.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          408      0.84%     51.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575            1      0.00%     51.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831           64      0.13%     51.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           64      0.13%     52.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          364      0.75%     52.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14400-14407            1      0.00%     52.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599          128      0.26%     53.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           98      0.20%     53.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           70      0.14%     53.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          256      0.53%     53.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           65      0.13%     54.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135           71      0.15%     54.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          644      1.33%     55.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647           73      0.15%     55.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16832-16839            1      0.00%     55.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           65      0.13%     55.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          256      0.53%     56.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           68      0.14%     56.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           96      0.20%     56.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183          128      0.26%     57.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          364      0.75%     57.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           64      0.13%     57.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951           64      0.13%     58.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19008-19015            1      0.00%     58.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207            1      0.00%     58.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          407      0.84%     58.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719          125      0.26%     59.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           65      0.13%     59.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           70      0.14%     59.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20288-20295            1      0.00%     59.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          376      0.77%     60.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743          127      0.26%     60.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           64      0.13%     60.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255           29      0.06%     60.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          256      0.53%     61.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767          128      0.26%     61.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           64      0.13%     61.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           65      0.13%     61.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535          320      0.66%     62.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791            3      0.01%     62.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           82      0.17%     62.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559          292      0.60%     63.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071          129      0.27%     63.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           64      0.13%     63.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          414      0.85%     64.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           65      0.13%     64.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095          129      0.27%     64.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607          291      0.60%     65.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25728-25735            1      0.00%     65.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           80      0.16%     65.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375            4      0.01%     65.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631          320      0.66%     66.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           65      0.13%     66.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           64      0.13%     66.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399          128      0.26%     66.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          256      0.53%     67.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911           32      0.07%     67.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           65      0.13%     67.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423          128      0.26%     67.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          377      0.78%     68.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           68      0.14%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29120-29127            1      0.00%     68.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           65      0.13%     68.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447          125      0.26%     69.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          410      0.84%     69.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959            1      0.00%     69.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215           64      0.13%     70.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           65      0.13%     70.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          363      0.75%     70.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983          129      0.27%     71.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           96      0.20%     71.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           68      0.14%     71.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          256      0.53%     72.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           64      0.13%     72.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32128-32135            1      0.00%     72.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           72      0.15%     72.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          642      1.32%     73.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           72      0.15%     73.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33408-33415            1      0.00%     73.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           63      0.13%     73.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          256      0.53%     74.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           68      0.14%     74.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           96      0.20%     74.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567          128      0.26%     75.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          363      0.75%     75.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           64      0.13%     75.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335           64      0.13%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591            1      0.00%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          410      0.84%     76.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103          125      0.26%     77.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           65      0.13%     77.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           68      0.14%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          376      0.77%     78.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127          128      0.26%     78.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           65      0.13%     78.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639           32      0.07%     78.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          256      0.53%     79.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151          128      0.26%     79.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           64      0.13%     79.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           65      0.13%     79.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919          320      0.66%     80.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175            4      0.01%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           80      0.16%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39808-39815            1      0.00%     80.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943          292      0.60%     81.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455          129      0.27%     81.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           65      0.13%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          413      0.85%     82.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           64      0.13%     82.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479          129      0.27%     82.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991          292      0.60%     83.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           82      0.17%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759            3      0.01%     83.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015          320      0.66%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           65      0.13%     84.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           65      0.13%     84.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783          128      0.26%     84.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          256      0.53%     85.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44160-44167            1      0.00%     85.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295           29      0.06%     85.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           64      0.13%     85.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807          127      0.26%     85.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          375      0.77%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45248-45255            1      0.00%     86.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           70      0.14%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45376-45383            1      0.00%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           64      0.13%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831          125      0.26%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          406      0.84%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46528-46535            1      0.00%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599           64      0.13%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           64      0.13%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          364      0.75%     88.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367          128      0.26%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           96      0.20%     89.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           69      0.14%     89.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          258      0.53%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           67      0.14%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903           71      0.15%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            1      0.00%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            2      0.00%     90.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         4686      9.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          48550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   326412969750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              407861489750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  67386725000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                 14061795000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24219.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1043.37                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30262.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         358.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       45.69                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                   13434104                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     39465                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  88.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       172554.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      99.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.75                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     55672581                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            13813538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           13813538                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             432230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            432230                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             17092                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            2370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             28046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            28046                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       733938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       951878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1686036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     26883424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     26883424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               28569460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       737821                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio          440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5091480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total      5829741                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    107533696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total    107533696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           113363437                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              133817886                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           418359500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              204500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy         14607428500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1598779620                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        30355600750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    63253                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                50392.264505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1749443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   128649                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.598574                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle             2375574111000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   36861.205107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     5227.235315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     3840.097341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.993317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      502.876093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      689.542033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     6.851035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.itb.walker     0.974650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     1682.063126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1580.426346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.562457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.079761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.058595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.007673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.010522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.025666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.024115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.768925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             467858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             176725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1184                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             130025                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data              64311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4292                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst             281381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data             132168                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1291173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          597611                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               597611                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              14                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            61949                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            18453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            33219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               113621                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          8706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          3165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              467858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              238674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          2609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              130025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data               82764                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         18749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker          4292                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              281381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              165387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1404794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         8706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         3165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             467858                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             238674                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         2609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1184                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             130025                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data              82764                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        18749                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         4292                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             281381                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             165387                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1404794                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             7594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6477                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             1002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst             2915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data             2544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                21665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          1413                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           467                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data          1028                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              2908                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         104452                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           9697                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          19224                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             133373                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            110929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             10818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              2915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             21768                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                155038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           110929                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1002                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            10818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             2915                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            21768                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               155038                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72874750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     86399250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       538750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        75000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    221844500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    200958749                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      582765499                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        93996                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       162493                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       256489                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    729445478                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1446208147                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2175653625                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72874750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    815844728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       538750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        75000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    221844500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1647166896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2758419124                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     72874750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    815844728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       538750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        75000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    221844500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1647166896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2758419124                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         475452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         183202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         131027                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data          65432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         284296                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data         134712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1312838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       597611                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           597611                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         1427                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          471                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data         1041                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            2939                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        28150                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        52443                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           246994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          475452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          349603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          131027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           93582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          284296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          187155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1559832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         8707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         3167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         475452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         349603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         2610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         131027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          93582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        18756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker         4293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         284296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         187155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1559832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015972                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.035354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.007647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.017132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.010253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.018885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.016502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.990189                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991507                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.987512                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.989452                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.627713                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.344476                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.366569                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.539985                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000632                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015972                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.317300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.007647                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.115599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.010253                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.116310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.099394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000115                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000632                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015972                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.317300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.007647                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.115599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.010253                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.116310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.099394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72729.291417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77073.371989                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 76964.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        75000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76104.459691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 78993.218947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26898.938334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   201.276231                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data   158.067121                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    88.201169                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75223.829844                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75229.304359                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16312.549204                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72729.291417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75415.486042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 76964.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76104.459691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75669.188534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17791.890530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72729.291417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75415.486042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 76964.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        75000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 76104.459691                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75669.188534                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17791.890530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               58498                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    58498                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         2533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            7579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          467                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         1028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1495                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        19224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         28921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            36500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         2914                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        21757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           36500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60159250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     72443750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       451250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185254250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data    168538249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486971749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4670967                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     10281028                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14951995                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    606663522                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1206372353                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813035875                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60159250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    679107272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       451250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185254250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1374910602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2300007624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     60159250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    679107272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker       451250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    185254250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1374910602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2300007624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25039931500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  26362168250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  51402099750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    935202510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data   8516244000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   9451446510                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25975134010                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  34878412250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  60853546260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.017132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010250                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.991507                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.987512                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.508676                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.344476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.366569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116251                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.023400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.007647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.115599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.itb.walker     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.010250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.116251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60039.171657                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64624.219447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64464.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63573.867536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 66537.011054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64252.770682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10002.070664                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        10001                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10001.334448                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62561.980200                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 62753.451571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62689.252619                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60039.171657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62775.676835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64464.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63573.867536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63193.942271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63013.907507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 60039.171657                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 62775.676835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 64464.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 63573.867536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 63193.942271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63013.907507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                    58816500                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1021450                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1021449                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            432230                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           432230                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           265546                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1512                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1514                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            80593                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           80593                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       831311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2423002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        15637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        52276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               3322226                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     26580608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     37417965                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        21908                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        85464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total           64105945                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             141275262                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus           99532                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2179112263                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1872836168                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1848885181                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          10174967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          31036489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      48762826                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq             13805907                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp            13805907                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2774                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2774                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        11404                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         3028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       718942                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       733938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     26883424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     26883424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                27617362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        15368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         6056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio       715269                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       737821                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side    107533696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total    107533696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total            108271517                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus               117209194                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              7964000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              1514000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                20000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy            359973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy         13441712000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           731164000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         36852557250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7990938                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6181                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    6591681                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1989                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                674                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    5665                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   119                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      208                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 7997119                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                6593670                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14582619                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           8170                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14590789                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    32323173                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      3455                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                         279                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                674                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     30                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    2571                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                32326628                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         32323173                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           3455                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     32326628                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       113706934                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   31845607                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     42007795                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             37151613                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4937                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1198507                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4245528                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    37151613                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         4937                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          189362798                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          39261274                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1366                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     15249830                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    8359344                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6890486                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              110900908.371908                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2806025.628092                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.024678                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.975322                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   82892                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           891661                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.603832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           43642559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           892173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            48.917148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       8180434250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   493.710568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     7.685506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    10.207759                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.964278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.015011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.019937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     31849634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      8050768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      3742157                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43642559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     31849634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      8050768                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      3742157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        43642559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     31849634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      8050768                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      3742157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       43642559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       476194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       131290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       308690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       916174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       476194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       131290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       308690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        916174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       476194                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       131290                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       308690                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       916174                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773545250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4166299335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5939844585                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773545250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4166299335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5939844585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773545250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4166299335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5939844585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32325828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      8182058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4050847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44558733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32325828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      8182058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4050847                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     44558733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32325828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      8182058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4050847                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     44558733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.076204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13508.608805                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13496.709757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6483.314943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13508.608805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13496.709757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6483.314943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13508.608805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13496.709757                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6483.314943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4376                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              225                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.448889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        23991                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23991                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       131290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       284699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       415989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       131290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       284699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       415989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       131290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       284699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       415989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1510573750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3389684570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4900258320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1510573750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3389684570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4900258320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1510573750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   3389684570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4900258320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016046                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070281                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009336                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.070281                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009336                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11505.626857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11906.204693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11779.778600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11505.626857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11906.204693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11779.778600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11505.626857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 11906.204693                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11779.778600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           629828                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997119                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           23220836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           630340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            36.838589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         21763000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   497.025505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     8.136631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     6.834983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.970753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.015892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.013350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6861592                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1819766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4641843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       13323201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      5960512                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1314083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2134390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       9408985                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       131699                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        33044                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        73537                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       238280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       138171                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        34778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        74440                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       247389                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     12822104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3133849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      6776233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        22732186                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     12822104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3133849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      6776233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       22732186                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       176730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        63698                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       271377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       511805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       167828                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        28621                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       610894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       807343                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6472                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         3738                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        11944                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       344558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data        92319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       882271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1319148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       344558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data        92319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data       882271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1319148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    907621250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3911808086                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4819429336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1013384989                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23348414230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  24361799219                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22749500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     49835999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     72585499                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        26000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1921006239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27260222316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  29181228555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1921006239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27260222316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  29181228555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7038322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1883464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4913220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13835006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6128340                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1342704                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2745284                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10216328                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        77275                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       250224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       138171                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        34778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        74442                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       247391                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     13166662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3226168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7658504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     24051334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     13166662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3226168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      7658504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     24051334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.025110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033820                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.055234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027386                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.222525                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.079025                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.046841                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049859                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048373                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.047733                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000027                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028616                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028616                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14248.818644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14414.663313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9416.534297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35407.043395                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 38220.074563                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30175.277694                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13119.665513                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13332.262975                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6077.151624                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        13000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20808.351899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30897.787999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22121.269604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20808.351899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30897.787999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22121.269604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         7683                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         3605                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              878                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             49                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.750569                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    73.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       597611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           597611                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       139954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       557446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       557446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          413                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          413                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       697400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       697400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       697400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       697400                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        63698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       131423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       195121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        53448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        82069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1734                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         3325                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         5059                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        92319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       184871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       277190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        92319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       184871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       277190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    780025750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1703190327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2483216077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    953521011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1887250485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2840771496                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19281500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     38325501                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57607001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        22000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1733546761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3590440812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5323987573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1733546761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3590440812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5323987573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  27356277500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  28781091750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  56137369250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1442174490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  13339751582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14781926072                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28798451990                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  42120843332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  70919295322                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033820                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.026749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.019469                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008033                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049859                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.043028                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020218                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000008                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.024139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12245.686678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12959.606210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12726.544437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 33315.433109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35310.030029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34614.428054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11119.665513                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 11526.466466                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11387.033208                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        11000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18777.789632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19421.330614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19206.997269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18777.789632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19421.330614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19206.997269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2096419                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2083                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1418166                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      373                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1734                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                    39                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                       78                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 2098502                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                1418539                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          3514585                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           2456                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      3517041                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     8182058                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      1201                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                         277                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                234                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     12                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                     889                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 8183259                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          8182058                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           1201                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      8183259                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       581387993                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7973391                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10123180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9055145                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  2019                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     304839                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1113920                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9055145                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         2019                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           52196104                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9841677                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                1441                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                580                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      3682729                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2189938                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1492791                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              546287151.729317                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              35100841.270683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.060374                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.939626                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                4728615                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          3846891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           223365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             3153803                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                2531568                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            80.270328                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 413323                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             21760                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                    10972958                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     22884                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    3353841                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     6440                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                531                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.dtb.flush_entries                    2329                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.dtb.align_faults                      684                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.prefetch_faults                   147                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.perms_faults                      471                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                10995842                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                3360281                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.hits                         14326799                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.misses                          29324                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.accesses                     14356123                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_hits                     4052293                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu2.itb.inst_misses                      4591                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb                         276                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                531                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     21                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu2.itb.flush_entries                    1671                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu2.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu2.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.perms_faults                     1020                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.inst_accesses                 4056884                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu2.itb.hits                          4052293                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.misses                           4591                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.accesses                      4056884                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        88364936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9352566                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      32517206                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    4728615                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           2944891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                      6861610                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1759869                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                     50868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.BlockedCycles              18844594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles              866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        32744                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       721068                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          448                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  4050852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               289827                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   1989                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          37074469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.054164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.440934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                30218075     81.51%     81.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  386681      1.04%     82.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  516163      1.39%     83.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  819367      2.21%     86.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  628808      1.70%     87.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  344228      0.93%     88.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1045241      2.82%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  229591      0.62%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2886315      7.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            37074469                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.053512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.367988                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 9932859                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             19459354                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  6244628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               279238                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles               1157490                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              609849                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                53110                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36985250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts               179754                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles               1157490                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10483306                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                6921288                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles      11074515                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  5953553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              1483425                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              34895792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                 2444                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                326661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LSQFullEvents               892066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.FullRegisterEvents             111                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           37386016                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            159700078                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       148525933                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups             3408                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             26513636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                10872379                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            232480                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        208815                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3253838                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6628841                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3905916                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           536820                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          771052                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32212739                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             505163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34823222                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            55040                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        7182108                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     19097970                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        148083                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     37074469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.939278                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.598547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24463826     65.99%     65.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            3833492     10.34%     76.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            2324654      6.27%     82.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2008652      5.42%     88.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2796278      7.54%     95.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             971248      2.62%     98.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             496274      1.34%     99.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             144890      0.39%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              35155      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       37074469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  19545      1.28%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     1      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      1.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead               1401661     91.55%     92.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               109897      7.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            61115      0.18%      0.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             19755783     56.73%     56.91% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               28013      0.08%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  6      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           388      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     56.99% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            11456328     32.90%     89.89% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3521577     10.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34823222                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          0.394084                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1531104                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.043968                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         108328678                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39905127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     28084625                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               7572                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4019                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3368                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              36289170                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4041                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          206363                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1533130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2013                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9465                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       562980                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      5327720                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       344503                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles               1157490                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                5247900                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                88519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           32800222                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            60619                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6628841                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3905916                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            362644                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 29757                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 2395                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          9465                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        107959                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        89408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              197367                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33908136                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             11185478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           915086                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                        82320                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    14673656                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 3709694                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3488178                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    0.383728                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      33508440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     28087993                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 16121354                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 29172590                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      0.317864                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.552620                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        7137877                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         357080                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           171034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     35916785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.707415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.751354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     27161260     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4227698     11.77%     87.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1252285      3.49%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       635084      1.77%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       561790      1.56%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       319405      0.89%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       418201      1.16%     96.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311340      0.87%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1029722      2.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     35916785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            20564616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              25408067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8438647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5095711                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      94423                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   3185422                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                      3299                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 22610745                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              295586                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1029722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    66910934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   66293514                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         359960                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                       51290467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  3553935024                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   20509130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     25352581                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total             20509130                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              4.308566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        4.308566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.232096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.232096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               157121826                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               29906145                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    22616                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   20826                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                9261107                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                242774                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1347589582250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1347589582250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 1347589582250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 1347589582250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
