
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000088                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    87707000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   87707000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 170274                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170274                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               22048637                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 246052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     3.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      677327                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        677327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst             3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data             1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data              832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                35776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                62                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   559                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           205776050                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data           120400880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst            45241543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data            14594046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst             1459405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             9486130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             1459405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             9486130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               407903588                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      205776050                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       45241543                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst        1459405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        1459405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          253936402                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst          205776050                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data          120400880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           45241543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data           14594046                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst            1459405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            9486130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            1459405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            9486130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              407903588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                    407903588                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.data_through_bus                  35776                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  366.582542                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1220                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     2.897862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.966439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      239.426226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       55.207595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       59.511852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        6.721145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst        1.930661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        0.935410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        0.977573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.905640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.003653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.005594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst                185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst                296                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data                  3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst                356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst                357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   1220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks               1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    1                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                296                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1220                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst              282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data               66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst               62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data                7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst                2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            29                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            18                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                84                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                 2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   559                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              282                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               62                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst                2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst                2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  559                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data             71                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst            358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data             10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst            358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data             10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst            359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data             10                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               1643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                1                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           31                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           18                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              86                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              136                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.603854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.173184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.700000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.005587                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.005571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.100000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.257456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.935484                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.976744                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.603854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.173184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.869565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.005587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.590909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.005571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.590909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.314221                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.603854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.173184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.869565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.005587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.590909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.005571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.590909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.314221                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.toL2Bus.throughput                  1893577480                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus                166080                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          175415                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     175326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       175326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               120376                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        28824                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      120376                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             349286                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            121983                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        82397                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      54591                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     27806                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                    175415                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          222.772698                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             174921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           374.563169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   222.772698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.435103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.435103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       174921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         174921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       174921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          174921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       174921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         174921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       175388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       175388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       175388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       175388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       175388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       175388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          150.745494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              81883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           490.317365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   150.745494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.294425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.294425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        54430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          54430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        27578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         27578                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        82008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           82008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        82008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          82008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          151                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          177                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           27                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           27                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          328                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        54581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        54581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        27755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27755                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        82336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        82336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        82336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        82336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.002767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.006377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006377                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642857                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.642857                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                          173295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     167398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       167398                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               109926                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        32743                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      109926                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             270038                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            100721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        53394                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      40652                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     12742                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles               7873.724337                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              165421.275663                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.954565                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.045435                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           76.751702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             167072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           466.681564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    76.751702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.149906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.149906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       167072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         167072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       167072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          167072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       167072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         167072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       167430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       167430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       167430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       167430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       167430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           30.316999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              26731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1028.115385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    30.316999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.059213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.059213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        40470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        12563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         12563                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        53033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           53033                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        53033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          53033                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          106                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           57                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           280                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          280                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        40644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        12669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        12669                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           71                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        53313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        53313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        53313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        53313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008367                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.802817                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.numCycles                          173295                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     167334                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       167334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               113333                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        31007                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      113333                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             290613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            109308                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        58537                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      42362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     16175                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles               7936.951217                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              165358.048783                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.954200                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.045800                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           74.781015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             167008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           466.502793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    74.781015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.146057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.146057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       167008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         167008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       167008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          167008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       167008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         167008                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          358                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       167366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       167366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       167366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       167366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       167366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           29.605505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              33613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               26                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1292.807692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    29.605505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.057823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.057823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        42194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          42194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        15998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        58192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           58192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        58192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          58192                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        42354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        42354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        16107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        16107                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           66                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           66                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        58461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        58461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        58461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        58461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.003778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.006767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.833333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.833333                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.numCycles                          173294                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     167269                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       167269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               111554                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        633                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        31865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      111554                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             280060                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            104916                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        55900                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      41466                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     14434                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles               8001.119846                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              165292.880154                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.953829                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.046171                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              279                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           72.874497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             166942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           465.019499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    72.874497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.142333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.142333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       166942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         166942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       166942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          166942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       166942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         166942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       167301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       167301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       167301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       167301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       167301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       167301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           28.795404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              30236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               27                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1119.851852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    28.795404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.056241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.056241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        41301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41301                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        14260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         14260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        55561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           55561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        55561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          55561                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41458                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        14362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        14362                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        55820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        55820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        55820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        55820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.007102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007102                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.785714                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.785714                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004640                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
