
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.391205                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2391205115000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2391205115000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 594937                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   663956                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              924522029                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 240640                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2586.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1538759601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1717270334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             39424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         125322112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            125361536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        39424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           39424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     65100672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          65100672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data            1958158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1958774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1017198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1017198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                16487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             52409604                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                52426091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           16487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              16487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          27225047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               27225047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          27225047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               16487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            52409604                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               79651138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     79651138                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             1177898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1177898                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1017198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            780876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           780876                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      4934746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                4934746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    190462208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           190462208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              190462208                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         11113556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        17628966000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   46                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4782410230                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1538759601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1717270334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1536941842                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                     36                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    27330256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    177498328                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1536941842                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                            36                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          9304894672                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1675132405                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                   24                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                  16                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     660773815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   485926769                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  174847046                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4782410230                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 7                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           514.976015                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1544564952                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               638                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          2420948.200627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   514.976015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.251453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.251453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1544564952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1544564952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1544564952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1544564952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1544564952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1544564952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           638                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            638                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           638                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34233000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     34233000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     34233000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1544565590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1544565590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1544565590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1544565590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1544565590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1544565590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53656.739812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53656.739812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53656.739812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53656.739812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 53656.739812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53656.739812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          638                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51656.739812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51656.739812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51656.739812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51656.739812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 51656.739812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51656.739812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          1926075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30987.094489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            8967572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          1955843                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.585016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     154026636000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 15648.493745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    24.153175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 15314.447570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.477554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.467360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.945651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      6048805                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        6048827                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks      3697418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total      3697418                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data      1108273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1108273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      7157078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7157100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst           22                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      7157078                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7157100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1177282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total      1177898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       780876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       780876                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1958158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1958774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1958158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1958774                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  61225555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  61257654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40608829000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  40608829000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 101834384000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 101866483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     32099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 101834384000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 101866483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      7226087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7226725                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      3697418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total      3697418                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1889149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1889149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9115874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9115874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.162921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.162992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.413348                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.214875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.214875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52108.766234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52005.853313                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52005.907133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52004.196569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52004.196569                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52108.766234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52005.192635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52005.225207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52108.766234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52005.192635                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52005.225207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1017198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1017198                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1177282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1177898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       780876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1958774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1958158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1958774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24707000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  47098171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  47122878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  31238317000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31238317000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24707000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  78336488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  78361195000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     24707000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  78336488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  78361195000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.162921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.413348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.413348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.214823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40108.766234                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.853313                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.907133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40004.196569                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40004.196569                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40108.766234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.192635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.225207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40108.766234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 40005.192635                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40005.225207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9111140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4083.522356                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           645855059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9115236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             70.854453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       25914401000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4083.522356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    475158039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       475158039                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    170696898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      170696898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     645854937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        645854937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    645854937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       645854937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7226087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7226087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1889149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1889149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        9115236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       9115236                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 143391866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143391866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  57359006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  57359006000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 200750872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 200750872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 200750872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 200750872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    482384126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    482384126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    172586047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    172586047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           61                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    654970173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    654970173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    654970173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    654970173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19843.639580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19843.639580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30362.351514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30362.351514                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22023.661483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22023.661483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22023.661483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22023.661483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3697418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3697418                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7226087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7226087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1889149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1889149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9115236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9115236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9115236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 128939692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 128939692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  53580708000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  53580708000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 182520400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 182520400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 182520400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 182520400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010946                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17843.639580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17843.639580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28362.351514                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28362.351514                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20023.661483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20023.661483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 20023.661483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20023.661483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               342944519                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        7226725                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       7226725                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback      3697418                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1889149                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1889149                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     21927890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          21929166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        40832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    820009856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      820050688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         820050688                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    10104064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        957000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   13672854000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
