
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.326119                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2326118592000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2326118592000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 481372                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   653016                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              810455855                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 248632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2870.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1381604339                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1874244941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            113472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          30232512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             30345984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       113472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          113472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4230336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4230336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               1773                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             472383                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                474156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66099                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66099                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                48782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12996978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13045760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           48782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              48782                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1818624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1818624                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1818624                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               48782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12996978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               14864384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     14864384                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              408063                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             408063                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66099                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66093                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1014411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1014411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     34576320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            34576320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               34576320                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1069047000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4267404000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva                        0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                   0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb_asid                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flush_entries                        0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.align_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetch_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domain_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.perms_faults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1411                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       4652237184                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1381604339                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1874244941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1653698868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               52289415                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                    80372855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts    230619738                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1653698868                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      52289415                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads         10466679913                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1874331393                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             60540850                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes            46777010                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     908382479                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   631387181                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                  276995298                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 4652237184                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             18364                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1392.317060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1390251699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             19803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          70204.095289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1392.317060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.679842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.679842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1390251699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1390251699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1390251699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1390251699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1390251699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1390251699                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         19803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          19803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         19803                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    331911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    331911000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    331911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    331911000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    331911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    331911000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1390271502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1390271502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1390271502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1390271502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1390271502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1390271502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16760.642327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16760.642327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16760.642327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16760.642327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16760.642327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16760.642327                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    292305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    292305000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    292305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    292305000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    292305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    292305000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14760.642327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14760.642327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14760.642327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14760.642327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14760.642327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14760.642327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           441378                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32692.891822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1102614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           474121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             2.325596                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  1298.141733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    30.233408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 31364.516681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.039616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.000923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.957169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst        18030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1054583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1072613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks        96257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total        96257                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         6687                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         6687                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst        18030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1061270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1079300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst        18030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1061270                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1079300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       406290                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       408063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        66093                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66093                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       472383                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        474156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       472383                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       474156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21127080000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21219282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3436836000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3436836000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  24563916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  24656118000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     92202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  24563916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  24656118000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1460873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1480676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        96257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total        96257                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        72780                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        72780                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1533653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      1553456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        19803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1533653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      1553456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.089532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.275592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.908120                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.908120                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.089532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.308012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.305227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.089532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.308012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.305227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52003.384095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.014704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52003.384095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.012654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52003.384095                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52000.012654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66099                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       406290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       408063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        66093                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66093                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       472383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       474156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       472383                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       474156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  16251600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16322526000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2643720000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2643720000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18895320000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18966246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     70926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  18895320000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18966246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.089532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.908120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.908120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.089532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.308012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.089532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.308012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.305227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40003.384095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40000.014704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40003.384095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40000.012654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 40003.384095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40000.012654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1529557                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4094.947189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           895757408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1533653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            584.067848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         991199000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4094.947189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    618874540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       618874540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    276862898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      276862898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data         9985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         9985                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data         9985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         9985                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     895737438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        895737438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    895737438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       895737438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1460873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1460873                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        72780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        72780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1533653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1533653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1533653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1533653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  36055529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  36055529000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3722046000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3722046000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  39777575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39777575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  39777575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39777575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    620335413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    620335413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    276935678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    276935678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data         9985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         9985                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data         9985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         9985                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    897271091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    897271091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    897271091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    897271091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24680.810036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24680.810036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 51141.055235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51141.055235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25936.489545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25936.489545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25936.489545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25936.489545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        96257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             96257                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1460873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1460873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        72780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        72780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1533653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1533653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1533653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1533653                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33133783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33133783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3576486000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3576486000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36710269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36710269000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36710269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36710269000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22680.810036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22680.810036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49141.055235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49141.055235                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23936.489545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23936.489545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23936.489545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23936.489545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                45389617                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        1480676                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1480676                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback        96257                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        72780                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        72780                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        39606                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3163563                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           3203169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1267392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    104314240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      105581632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         105581632                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      921113500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      29704500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2300479500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
