
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.195792                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1195791950500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1195791950500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 418462                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   533251                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             8153682245                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 447424                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   146.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61370228                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      78204808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     51904512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           463716                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          6626164                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.itb.walker           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           256412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2903920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             62155172                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       463716                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       256412                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          720128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4136128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data       3027304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data            40                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7163472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6488064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             13464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            103606                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              4088                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             45400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6654629                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           64627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data           756826                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data               10                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               821463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        43405972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              387790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             5541235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.itb.walker            54                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              214429                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             2428449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                51978249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         387790                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         214429                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             602218                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3458903                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data            2531631                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data                 33                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                5990567                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3458903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       43405972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             387790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            8072866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.itb.walker           54                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             214429                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            2428483                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               57968816                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6654629                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       821463                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     6654629                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     821463                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                425873472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     22784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7293184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  62155172                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7163472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  707504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          10661                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              415730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              415559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              414961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              415335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              422368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              415375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              415446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              415289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              415350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              415631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             415265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             414898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             415491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             416088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             415759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             415728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                6692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1195787534500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                    6825                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6488064                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  159740                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  64627                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    636769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    483388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    484627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1579502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1123930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1118197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1114450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     25137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     24391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      9450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     9387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     9266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     8971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     8900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     8855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     8823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      5178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        74963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     5778.397556                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     392.859970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   13041.482454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          26098     34.81%     34.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        15301     20.41%     55.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         3417      4.56%     59.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2337      3.12%     62.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1552      2.07%     64.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1311      1.75%     66.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455         1048      1.40%     68.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1133      1.51%     69.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          708      0.94%     70.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          576      0.77%     71.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          588      0.78%     72.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          600      0.80%     72.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          313      0.42%     73.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          304      0.41%     73.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          211      0.28%     74.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          484      0.65%     74.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          181      0.24%     74.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          133      0.18%     75.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223          163      0.22%     75.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          181      0.24%     75.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351          117      0.16%     75.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415         2275      3.03%     78.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479          133      0.18%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543           94      0.13%     79.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           64      0.09%     79.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671           60      0.08%     79.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           43      0.06%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          123      0.16%     79.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           53      0.07%     79.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           29      0.04%     79.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           21      0.03%     79.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          191      0.25%     79.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119           19      0.03%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           18      0.02%     79.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           24      0.03%     79.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           41      0.05%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375           14      0.02%     79.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           25      0.03%     80.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503           28      0.04%     80.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           24      0.03%     80.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631           25      0.03%     80.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695           17      0.02%     80.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759           20      0.03%     80.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823           20      0.03%     80.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887            7      0.01%     80.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           20      0.03%     80.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            6      0.01%     80.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          190      0.25%     80.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143           23      0.03%     80.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207            8      0.01%     80.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271           10      0.01%     80.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335           98      0.13%     80.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            7      0.01%     80.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463            7      0.01%     80.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527           16      0.02%     80.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           20      0.03%     80.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655            6      0.01%     80.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           20      0.03%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783           37      0.05%     80.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           47      0.06%     80.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911           17      0.02%     80.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975            8      0.01%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039            6      0.01%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          197      0.26%     81.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            7      0.01%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231           10      0.01%     81.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295           14      0.02%     81.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           80      0.11%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423            4      0.01%     81.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487           14      0.02%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551            3      0.00%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           33      0.04%     81.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679           14      0.02%     81.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            3      0.00%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807            4      0.01%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871           23      0.03%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            5      0.01%     81.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999            7      0.01%     81.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063           15      0.02%     81.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127          154      0.21%     81.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            3      0.00%     81.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255           14      0.02%     81.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            6      0.01%     81.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           35      0.05%     81.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447          170      0.23%     82.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511           59      0.08%     82.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639           78      0.10%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            1      0.00%     82.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895            9      0.01%     82.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151           89      0.12%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279            2      0.00%     82.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           70      0.09%     82.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6471            1      0.00%     82.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535            2      0.00%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            1      0.00%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663          108      0.14%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            1      0.00%     82.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919           17      0.02%     82.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            1      0.00%     82.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175           32      0.04%     82.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431          132      0.18%     82.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687           28      0.04%     82.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           74      0.10%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8007            1      0.00%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            1      0.00%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199           29      0.04%     83.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8391            1      0.00%     83.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           75      0.10%     83.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711           29      0.04%     83.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8839            2      0.00%     83.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967          130      0.17%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9159            1      0.00%     83.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223           29      0.04%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9280-9287            1      0.00%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479           17      0.02%     83.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735          100      0.13%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9863            1      0.00%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           74      0.10%     83.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247           86      0.11%     83.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           12      0.02%     83.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           80      0.11%     83.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           29      0.04%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11136-11143            2      0.00%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11200-11207            1      0.00%     83.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271          147      0.20%     84.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11456-11463            1      0.00%     84.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527            8      0.01%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           25      0.03%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11904-11911            1      0.00%     84.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039           77      0.10%     84.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          181      0.24%     84.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12487            1      0.00%     84.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           36      0.05%     84.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           17      0.02%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12864-12871            1      0.00%     84.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063           77      0.10%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13255            1      0.00%     84.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          164      0.22%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575           12      0.02%     84.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831           12      0.02%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13959            1      0.00%     84.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           27      0.04%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14144-14151            1      0.00%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14215            3      0.00%     84.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          162      0.22%     85.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599           88      0.12%     85.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14663            1      0.00%     85.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855           21      0.03%     85.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15047            2      0.00%     85.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           28      0.04%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15239            1      0.00%     85.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          218      0.29%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           20      0.03%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879           17      0.02%     85.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16007            1      0.00%     85.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135            8      0.01%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16263            2      0.00%     85.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          272      0.36%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647            7      0.01%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16768-16775            1      0.00%     86.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903           16      0.02%     86.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           23      0.03%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17280-17287            1      0.00%     86.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          224      0.30%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17600-17607            2      0.00%     86.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           24      0.03%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927           18      0.02%     86.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18112-18119            1      0.00%     86.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183           85      0.11%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18304-18311            1      0.00%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          154      0.21%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           30      0.04%     86.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951           16      0.02%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207           19      0.03%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19328-19335            1      0.00%     86.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          169      0.23%     87.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719           71      0.09%     87.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           12      0.02%     87.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           44      0.06%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20288-20295            1      0.00%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20352-20359            1      0.00%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          167      0.22%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20608-20615            3      0.00%     87.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743           78      0.10%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20800-20807            1      0.00%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20864-20871            1      0.00%     87.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           25      0.03%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21184-21191            2      0.00%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255           12      0.02%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21376-21383            1      0.00%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511          139      0.19%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           23      0.03%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           79      0.11%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22208-22215            1      0.00%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279            9      0.01%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535           89      0.12%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22592-22599            2      0.00%     88.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           71      0.09%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047          103      0.14%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303           16      0.02%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23360-23367            1      0.00%     88.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559           26      0.03%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23680-23687            1      0.00%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815          131      0.17%     88.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071           26      0.03%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           72      0.10%     88.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24384-24391            1      0.00%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583           23      0.03%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           77      0.10%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095           26      0.03%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25216-25223            1      0.00%     88.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351          132      0.18%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607           29      0.04%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863           15      0.02%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           98      0.13%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26240-26247            1      0.00%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26304-26311            2      0.00%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           75      0.10%     89.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26432-26439            1      0.00%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26560-26567            1      0.00%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631           84      0.11%     89.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           13      0.02%     89.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           81      0.11%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           23      0.03%     89.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27584-27591            1      0.00%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655          143      0.19%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27840-27847            1      0.00%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911            9      0.01%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28032-28039            1      0.00%     89.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167           25      0.03%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28288-28295            1      0.00%     89.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423           80      0.11%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28544-28551            3      0.00%     90.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28608-28615            1      0.00%     90.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          176      0.23%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28736-28743            1      0.00%     90.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           40      0.05%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           16      0.02%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447           72      0.10%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29632-29639            1      0.00%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          167      0.22%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29760-29767            1      0.00%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959           13      0.02%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215            6      0.01%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30272-30279            2      0.00%     90.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           29      0.04%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30592-30599            1      0.00%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          150      0.20%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30848-30855            1      0.00%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983           84      0.11%     91.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239           19      0.03%     91.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           30      0.04%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31552-31559            1      0.00%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31616-31623            1      0.00%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          220      0.29%     91.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31872-31879            1      0.00%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           20      0.03%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263           17      0.02%     91.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519           10      0.01%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32640-32647            1      0.00%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          269      0.36%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031           14      0.02%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33216-33223            1      0.00%     91.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287           25      0.03%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33344-33351            2      0.00%     91.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           22      0.03%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33600-33607            1      0.00%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33664-33671            1      0.00%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33728-33735            1      0.00%     91.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          216      0.29%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33920-33927            1      0.00%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           26      0.03%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34176-34183            1      0.00%     92.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311           19      0.03%     92.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567           84      0.11%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34688-34695            2      0.00%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          148      0.20%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34880-34887            1      0.00%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           27      0.04%     92.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335            6      0.01%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591           13      0.02%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35776-35783            1      0.00%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          165      0.22%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35904-35911            1      0.00%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103           71      0.09%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           14      0.02%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36480-36487            1      0.00%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           37      0.05%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36800-36807            1      0.00%     93.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          169      0.23%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36928-36935            1      0.00%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36992-36999            2      0.00%     93.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127           79      0.11%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37248-37255            1      0.00%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383           25      0.03%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37504-37511            1      0.00%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639            9      0.01%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895          142      0.19%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37952-37959            1      0.00%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           22      0.03%     93.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           79      0.11%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           11      0.01%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919           85      0.11%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38976-38983            1      0.00%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39104-39111            1      0.00%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           73      0.10%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39232-39239            2      0.00%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           96      0.13%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687           14      0.02%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943           27      0.04%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199          131      0.17%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40320-40327            1      0.00%     94.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455           24      0.03%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40512-40519            1      0.00%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           75      0.10%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40768-40775            1      0.00%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967           23      0.03%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41152-41159            1      0.00%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           72      0.10%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41344-41351            1      0.00%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479           24      0.03%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735          130      0.17%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991           25      0.03%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247           15      0.02%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503          101      0.13%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           70      0.09%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42944-42951            1      0.00%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015           85      0.11%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271            8      0.01%     95.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           78      0.10%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43648-43655            1      0.00%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           24      0.03%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039          140      0.19%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295           12      0.02%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44352-44359            1      0.00%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44416-44423            1      0.00%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551           23      0.03%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807           80      0.11%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44928-44935            2      0.00%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          165      0.22%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45184-45191            1      0.00%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45248-45255            1      0.00%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           38      0.05%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           12      0.02%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831           71      0.09%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45952-45959            1      0.00%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          165      0.22%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46144-46151            1      0.00%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343           15      0.02%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599           12      0.02%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46720-46727            1      0.00%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           31      0.04%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          151      0.20%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47168-47175            1      0.00%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367           87      0.12%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47488-47495            1      0.00%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623           21      0.03%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47744-47751            1      0.00%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           24      0.03%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47936-47943            2      0.00%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48000-48007            1      0.00%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          239      0.32%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48192-48199            1      0.00%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48256-48263            1      0.00%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           36      0.05%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647           14      0.02%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48768-48775           14      0.02%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903            4      0.01%     97.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            5      0.01%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            3      0.00%     97.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            2      0.00%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         2125      2.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          74963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   159518930750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              202571234500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  33271365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  9780938750                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       23972.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1469.87                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30442.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         356.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           6.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       51.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        5.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        12.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6598430                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     94836                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  83.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       159948.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      98.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               4.87                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total            68                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           20                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst           48                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total           68                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst           12                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total             17                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst           40                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total               57                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           17                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst           40                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total           57                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           17                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst           40                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total              57                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     59983824                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7703157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7703157                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             767205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            767205                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             64627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            27746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          16446                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           10661                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            137744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137297                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio         8870                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1966729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4359117                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               17335245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2389894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        17740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         1820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17414132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     19823662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            71728174                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               71728174                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1224786000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy               18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7986500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy              782000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy          9213145499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5079077969                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        14657796999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    69622                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                53154.714662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1651251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   134786                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    12.250909                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   40043.388352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     2.667642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4637.694613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5787.547519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.itb.walker     0.001664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1927.667021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      755.746308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.611014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.070766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.088311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.029414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.011532                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.811077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             483144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             241974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         3792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             372505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             110561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1219811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          576138                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               576138                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1247                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             445                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                1692                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           260                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           101                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               361                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            65526                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            45407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               110933                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker          4526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          1443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              483144                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              307500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          3792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              372505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              155968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1330744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         4526                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         1443                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             483144                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             307500                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         3792                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1866                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             372505                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             155968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1330744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             9714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             4001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             1890                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                22444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          3977                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3384                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              7361                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          388                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          479                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          95136                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          44594                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             139730                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            104850                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              4001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             46484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                162174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           104850                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             4001                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            46484                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               162174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       303000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    496292750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    730648247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    288737750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    148289750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1664495497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11403008                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12327473                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     23730481                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1953416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1118452                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3071868                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6560641426                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3440385640                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10001027066                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       303000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    496292750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7291289673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    288737750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3588675390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11665522563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       303000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       149500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    496292750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7291289673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    288737750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3588675390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11665522563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         489976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         251688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1867                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         376506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         112451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1242255                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       576138                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           576138                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         5224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         3829                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            9053                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          648                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          580                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1228                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       160662                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        90001                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           250663                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          489976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          412350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          376506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          202452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1492918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker         4530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         1445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         489976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         412350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         376506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         202452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1492918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.038595                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.016807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.018067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.761294                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.883782                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.813101                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.598765                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.825862                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.706026                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.592150                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.495483                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.557442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.013944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.254274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.229605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.108629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.013944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.254274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.229605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.108629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        75750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72642.381440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75216.002368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72166.395901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 78460.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74162.159018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  2867.238622                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3642.870272                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3223.812118                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5034.577320                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  2334.972860                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3543.100346                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68960.660801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77149.070279                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71573.943076                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        75750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72642.381440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69540.197167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72166.395901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77202.379098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71932.138092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        75750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        74750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 72642.381440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69540.197167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        74500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72166.395901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77202.379098                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71932.138092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               64627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    64627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6831                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         3977                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3384                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         7361                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          388                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          479                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          867                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        95136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        44594                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        139730                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        46484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           162173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker            4                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6831                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       104850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.itb.walker            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         4001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        46484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          162173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       254500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409725000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    609561247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    238005250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    124849250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1382582747                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     39807972                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     33948871                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73756843                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3881387                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4800478                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8681865                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5331965068                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2878373354                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8210338422                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       254500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409725000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5941526315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    238005250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3003222604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9592921169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       254500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    409725000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5941526315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    238005250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3003222604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9592921169                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    344713750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12649169494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5149250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154086197998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167085230492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  16272194135                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    486232500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  16758426635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    344713750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  28921363629                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      5149250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154572430498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 183843657127                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038595                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.016807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.761294                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.883782                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813101                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.598765                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.825862                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.706026                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.592150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.495483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.557442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.229605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.108628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000883                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.001384                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.254274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.itb.walker     0.000536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.229605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.108628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        63625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59980.237154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62750.797509                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59486.440890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66057.804233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61604.186027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10009.547900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10032.172281                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10019.948784                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10003.574742                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10021.874739                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10013.685121                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56045.714220                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64546.202494                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58758.594590                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        63625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59980.237154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56666.917644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59486.440890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64607.662938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59152.393857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker        63625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59980.237154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 56666.917644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.itb.walker        62500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59486.440890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64607.662938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59152.393857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   118330469                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2505274                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2505274                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            767205                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           767205                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           576138                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           27005                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         16807                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          43812                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           262415                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          262415                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       993978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2951141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side         5841                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        14926                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       753985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2879812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side         6193                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        12022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7617898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     31385016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     53721240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side         5780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        18120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     24096780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     27936146                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side         7468                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        15168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          137185718                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             137185718                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         4312904                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4765712727                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2217854478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2469983321                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           4396000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          10396000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy        1698669462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy        2208533441                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           4326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy           8230499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      45404559                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              7671403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             7671403                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7946                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7946                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382570                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     12976128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                15358698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        40166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        16132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2389894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     51904512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total             54294406                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                54294406                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21350000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              4039000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               298000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy          6488064000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374624000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         17777853001                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     9652640                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      3742                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    7596858                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     1582                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1811                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   138                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      204                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 9656382                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                7598440                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         17249498                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                           5324                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     17254822                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                    43298691                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      2205                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1332                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                43300896                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                         43298691                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           2205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                     43300896                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2391583901                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   42571767                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     53302041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             48059042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3860                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1403630                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5582817                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    48059042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3860                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          272441604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          52270515                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3022                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                840                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     18019009                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10036503                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7982506                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2151142905.888201                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              240440995.111799                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.100536                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.899464                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   51319                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           490213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          509.358566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           42807948                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           490725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            87.234088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      76218358000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   509.358566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.994841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     42807948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       42807948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     42807948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        42807948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     42807948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       42807948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       490726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       490726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       490726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        490726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       490726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       490726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6824885728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6824885728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6824885728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6824885728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   6824885728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6824885728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     43298674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     43298674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     43298674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     43298674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     43298674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     43298674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13907.732070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13907.732070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13907.732070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13907.732070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13907.732070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13907.732070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       490726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       490726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       490726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5840816272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5840816272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5840816272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5840816272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5840816272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5840816272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    436393750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    436393750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst    436393750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    436393750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011334                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.011334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11902.398226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11902.398226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11902.398226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11902.398226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 11902.398226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11902.398226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           406717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.656866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           15966646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           407229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            39.208028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        666436250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   471.656866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.921205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.921205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      9136610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        9136610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      6494353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       6494353                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       156522                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       156522                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       158977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       158977                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     15630963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        15630963                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     15630963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       15630963                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       263803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       263803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       176623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       176623                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9911                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9911                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7399                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7399                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       440426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        440426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       440426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       440426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3917573248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3917573248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7906184046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7906184046                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     99581999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     99581999                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     40689888                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     40689888                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11823757294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11823757294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11823757294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11823757294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      9400413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9400413                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6670976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6670976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166433                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       166433                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166376                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       166376                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     16071389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16071389                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     16071389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16071389                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.026476                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059549                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059549                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044472                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.044472                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.027404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.027404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14850.374135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14850.374135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44763.049240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44763.049240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10047.623751                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10047.623751                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5499.376673                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5499.376673                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26846.183681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26846.183681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26846.183681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26846.183681                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       376546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           376546                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       263803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       263803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       176623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       176623                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         9911                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9911                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7395                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7395                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       440426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       440426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       440426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       440426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3387671752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3387671752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7508595954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7508595954                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     79710001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79710001                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25901112                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25901112                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10896267706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10896267706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10896267706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10896267706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13765830000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13765830000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  25807312360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25807312360                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  39573142360                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  39573142360                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.028063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.026476                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026476                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.059549                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059549                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.044448                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044448                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12841.672581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12841.672581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42511.994214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42511.994214                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8042.579054                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8042.579054                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3502.516836                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3502.516836                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24740.291686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24740.291686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24740.291686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24740.291686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     5706417                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      3586                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    3873093                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      644                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    1989                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   148                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      248                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                 5710003                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                3873737                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                          9579510                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                           4230                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                      9583740                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                    19379017                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      2171                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1495                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                19381188                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                         19379017                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           2171                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                     19381188                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2390136116                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   18798461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     24902767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             22266699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6793                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     796691                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2514546                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    22266699                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         6793                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          130767489                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          23318960                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                4535                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2260                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     10014870                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    5983067                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   4031803                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1969216562.004314                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              420919553.995686                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.176107                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.823893                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   39069                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           376769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          474.890792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           19001732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           377281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            50.364932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     327211938000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   474.890792                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.927521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.927521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     19001732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       19001732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     19001732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        19001732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     19001732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       19001732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       377281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       377281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       377281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        377281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       377281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       377281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5163865212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5163865212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5163865212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5163865212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   5163865212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5163865212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     19379013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19379013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     19379013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     19379013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     19379013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     19379013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13687.053448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13687.053448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13687.053448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13687.053448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13687.053448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13687.053448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       377281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       377281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       377281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       377281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4407732788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4407732788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4407732788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4407732788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4407732788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4407732788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6483750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6483750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      6483750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      6483750                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.019469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11682.890970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11682.890970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11682.890970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11682.890970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11682.890970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11682.890970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           220436                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          471.379597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            8230755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           220801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            37.276801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle     106418022500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   471.379597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.920663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.920663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      4389351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        4389351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      3673214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3673214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        73456                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        73456                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        73714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        73714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      8062565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         8062565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      8062565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        8062565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       133803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       133803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       112797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       112797                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9752                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9752                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         9418                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         9418                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       246600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        246600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       246600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       246600                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1647983739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1647983739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4345457226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4345457226                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     77502998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     77502998                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     49351478                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     49351478                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5993440965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5993440965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5993440965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5993440965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      4523154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4523154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3786011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3786011                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83208                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        83208                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        83132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        83132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      8309165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      8309165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      8309165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      8309165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.029793                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117200                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.117200                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.113290                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.029678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.029678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12316.493195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12316.493195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38524.581558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38524.581558                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7947.395201                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7947.395201                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5240.122956                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5240.122956                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24304.302372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24304.302372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24304.302372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24304.302372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       199592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           199592                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       133803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       133803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       112797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       112797                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9752                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9752                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9415                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         9415                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       246600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       246600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       246600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       246600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1380025261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1380025261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4109897774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4109897774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     57992002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57992002                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     30524522                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30524522                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data         2000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         2000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5489923035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5489923035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5489923035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5489923035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168387761500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168387761500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    531061000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    531061000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168918822500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168918822500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029793                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117200                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117200                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113254                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.113254                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.029678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10313.858890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10313.858890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 36436.233003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36436.233003                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5946.677810                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5946.677810                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3242.115985                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3242.115985                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22262.461618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22262.461618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22262.461618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22262.461618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 651879453001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 651879453001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 651879453001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 651879453001                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
