
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.920428                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1920428041000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1920428041000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1218375                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1218374                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            41646226437                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 305884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    46.11                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56182750                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56182750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            850688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24846912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28349952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       850688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          850688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7389824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7389824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                442968                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               442968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12938216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1381125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14762309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          442968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             442968                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3848009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3848009                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3848009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              442968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12938216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1381125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18610318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        442968                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       115466                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      442968                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     115466                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 28346688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      3264                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7389440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  28349952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7389824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       51                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            130                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               27966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               28089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               28297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               28053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               27407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               27545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               26911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               26762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               27807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               27255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              27714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              27327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              27431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              28073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              28024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              28256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          12                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1920416169000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  442968                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 115466                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    403787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     10503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      6093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5533                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5836                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4676                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        46254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      772.575777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     229.901205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1785.674907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          16351     35.35%     35.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         6669     14.42%     49.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         4598      9.94%     59.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2705      5.85%     65.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1760      3.81%     69.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1480      3.20%     72.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451         1070      2.31%     74.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          848      1.83%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          733      1.58%     78.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          614      1.33%     79.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          629      1.36%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          417      0.90%     81.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          327      0.71%     82.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          305      0.66%     83.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          281      0.61%     83.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          335      0.72%     84.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          208      0.45%     85.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155          173      0.37%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219          157      0.34%     85.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283          138      0.30%     86.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347          163      0.35%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          903      1.95%     88.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475          167      0.36%     88.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539           98      0.21%     88.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603          103      0.22%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           86      0.19%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           86      0.19%     89.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795           55      0.12%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           76      0.16%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           70      0.15%     89.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           69      0.15%     90.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           49      0.11%     90.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115           76      0.16%     90.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179           62      0.13%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243           63      0.14%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307           35      0.08%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371           62      0.13%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435           58      0.13%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499           65      0.14%     91.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563           35      0.08%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627           74      0.16%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691           59      0.13%     91.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755           59      0.13%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819           26      0.06%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883           59      0.13%     91.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947           60      0.13%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011           63      0.14%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075           34      0.07%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139           64      0.14%     92.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203           58      0.13%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267           54      0.12%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331           33      0.07%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395           54      0.12%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459           58      0.13%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523           64      0.14%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587           34      0.07%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651           65      0.14%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715           57      0.12%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779           56      0.12%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843           28      0.06%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907           54      0.12%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971           53      0.11%     93.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035           65      0.14%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099           31      0.07%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163           67      0.14%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227           53      0.11%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291           55      0.12%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355           27      0.06%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419           54      0.12%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483           56      0.12%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547           66      0.14%     94.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611          372      0.80%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4675           49      0.11%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4739           28      0.06%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4803           48      0.10%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4867           28      0.06%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931           51      0.11%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4995           28      0.06%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5059           52      0.11%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123           28      0.06%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5187           51      0.11%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251           40      0.09%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315           53      0.11%     96.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379           25      0.05%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5443           51      0.11%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507           26      0.06%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5571           51      0.11%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5635           24      0.05%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5699           50      0.11%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5763           28      0.06%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5827           50      0.11%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5891           26      0.06%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5955           50      0.11%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019           27      0.06%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6083           51      0.11%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6147           28      0.06%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6211           50      0.11%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6275           26      0.06%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6339           49      0.11%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6403           26      0.06%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6467           52      0.11%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6531           25      0.05%     98.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6595           52      0.11%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6659           25      0.05%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6723           52      0.11%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6787          425      0.92%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043            1      0.00%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171           13      0.03%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7235            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7427            1      0.00%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7683            4      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7875            1      0.00%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8003            1      0.00%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8067            2      0.00%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8131            1      0.00%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195            8      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8259            1      0.00%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8323            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8387            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8512-8515            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8707            3      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8963            2      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9155            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9219            5      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9347            2      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9539            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9603            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9795            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9859            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9923            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10115            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10179            2      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10243            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10304-10307            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10627            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10688-10691            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10880-10883            2      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11072-11075            2      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11200-11203            1      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11328-11331            1      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11392-11395            2      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11456-11459            2      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11523            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11584-11587            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11779            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12160-12163            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12224-12227            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12291            3      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12416-12419            1      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12675            1      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13059            3      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13187            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13251            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13315            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13443            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13507            3      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13632-13635            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13699            4      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13760-13763            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13827            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14016-14019            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14211            3      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14272-14275            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14339            2      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14659            2      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14720-14723            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14851            2      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14979            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15107            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15299            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           35      0.08%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15427            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15552-15555            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15619            2      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16064-16067            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16320-16323            1      0.00%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387          180      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          46254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     6257775000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               14505282500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2214585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  6032922500                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14128.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13620.89                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  32749.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          14.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       14.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        14.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     419360                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     92763                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   94.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3438931.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      91.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.52                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     18651952                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              292310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            115466                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             132                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            158141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           158141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       877537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       910697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1035377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30430656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30475220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5309120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5309120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            35784340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               35784340                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            35392                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            32377500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1489694250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3746415596                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376299750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.352288                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1753529489000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.352288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.084518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.084518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21134383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21134383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12989922573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12989922573                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13011056956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  13011056956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  13011056956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  13011056956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122164.063584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122164.063584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 312618.467775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 312618.467775                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 311828.806615                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 311828.806615                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 311828.806615                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 311828.806615                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        403484                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                29141                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.845922                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12137383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12137383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10827670073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10827670073                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10839807456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10839807456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10839807456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10839807456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70158.283237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70158.283237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 260581.201218                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260581.201218                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 259791.670605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259791.670605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 259791.670605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259791.670605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9064966                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10312                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728817                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6356267                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1140                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291929                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15421233                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11452                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020746                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4973920                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      4997                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4978917                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                       3840856082                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56182750                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56182750                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52054772                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324326                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1483342                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6468084                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52054772                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324326                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71321847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38521555                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163576                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166452                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15473812                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9101789                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6372023                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3588896828.998131                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               251959253.001869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.065600                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.934400                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211963                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74895     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1932      1.05%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106216     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183174                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73528     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1932      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73528     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149119                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1858257404500     96.76%     96.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                91623500      0.00%     96.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               737068500      0.04%     96.81% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             61341210500      3.19%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1920427307000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981748                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692250                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814084                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4175      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175953     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6833      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5157      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192898                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5903                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2095                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1908                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1739                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   169                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323225                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080668                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.391907                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        46222890000      2.41%      2.41% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5212630500      0.27%      2.68% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1868991784500     97.32%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4176                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.iobus.throughput                       1409150                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2706172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2706172                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4767000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           377727206                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42674250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            928358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.321671                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            55265541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            928869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             59.497670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       39723654250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.321671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.992816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55265541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55265541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55265541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55265541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55265541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55265541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       929029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        929029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       929029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         929029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       929029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        929029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12961853258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12961853258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12961853258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12961853258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12961853258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12961853258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56194570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56194570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56194570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56194570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56194570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56194570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13952.043755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13952.043755                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13952.043755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13952.043755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13952.043755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13952.043755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       929029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       929029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       929029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       929029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11098555742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11098555742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11098555742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11098555742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  11098555742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11098555742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016532                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11946.403979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11946.403979                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11946.403979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11946.403979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 11946.403979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11946.403979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           336056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65296.863719                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            2447536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           401218                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             6.100265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       6747777750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 55582.845445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4758.900638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4955.117636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.848127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.075609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       915717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       814814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1730531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       835114                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       835114                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total            4                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187645                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187645                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       915717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1002459                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1918176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       915717                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1002459                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1918176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       271915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       285207                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        401915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       401915                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1012336742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17564329991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18576666733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       190498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       190498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   8190852374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8190852374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1012336742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  25755182365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  26767519107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1012336742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  25755182365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  26767519107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst       929009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1086729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2015738                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       835114                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       835114                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304353                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       929009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1391082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2320091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       929009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1391082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2320091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.141490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76161.355853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 64594.928529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65133.978945                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14653.692308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14653.692308                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70182.441426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70182.441426                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76161.355853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66272.923540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66599.950504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76161.355853                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66272.923540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66599.950504                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        73954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            73954                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       285207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388623                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    845706258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14164824509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15010530767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       230011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       230011                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6731491626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6731491626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    845706258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20896316135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21742022393                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    845706258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20896316135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21742022393                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1334145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1334145500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1895642000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1895642000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3229787500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3229787500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63625.207493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52092.839707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52630.302787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17693.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17693.153846                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57678.065137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57678.065137                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63625.207493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53770.147765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54096.071042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 63625.207493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 53770.147765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54096.071042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1390568                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.978915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14049173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1391080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.099472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         107298250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.978915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7814622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7814622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5852326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5852326                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       182986                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       182986                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199222                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13666948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13666948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13666948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13666948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17259                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1373840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1373840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1373840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1373840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  28875755759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  28875755759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11035273137                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11035273137                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    228925250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    228925250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  39911028896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  39911028896                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  39911028896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  39911028896                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8884092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8884092                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6156696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6156696                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200245                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200245                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199222                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15040788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15040788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15040788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15040788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120380                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049437                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049437                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086189                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086189                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 27000.061487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27000.061487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36256.113076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36256.113076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13264.108581                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13264.108581                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 29050.711070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29050.711070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 29050.711070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29050.711070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            835114                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17259                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17259                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1373840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1373840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1373840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26604805241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26604805241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10372104863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10372104863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    194393750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194393750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36976910104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  36976910104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36976910104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  36976910104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1424235500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1424235500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2011442000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2011442000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3435677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3435677500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049437                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049437                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086189                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086189                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091341                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091341                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24876.626031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24876.626031                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 34077.290347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34077.290347                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11263.326380                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11263.326380                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26915.004734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26915.004734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26915.004734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26915.004734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               105179195                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2022861                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2022844                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       835114                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       345905                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304355                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1858038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3650630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           5508668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     59456576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142531220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      201987796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         201977684                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus        11392                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2425850000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       237000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1396163258                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2191612646                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
