
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.250954                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                250953957000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               250953957000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 789102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1322606                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1499404446                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 274284                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   167.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   132071193                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     221363385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            181760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            121280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               303040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       181760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          181760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               1895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4735                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               724276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data               483276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 1207552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          724276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             724276                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              724276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data              483276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                1207552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                      1207552                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1575                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port         9470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total         9470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       303040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       303040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total              303040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                 303040                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             4753500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42633500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  400                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        501907914                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   132071193                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     221363385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             219019986                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2162459                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1595632                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      8268466                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    219019986                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2162459                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           519996939                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          201355989                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3037165                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1831403                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             96962463                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            56242058                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      77165304                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    56649587                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   20515717                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  501907914                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2836                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1455.296642                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           173489674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              4694                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          36959.879421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1455.296642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.710594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.710594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    173489674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       173489674                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     173489674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        173489674                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    173489674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       173489674                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          4694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           4694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          4694                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    180319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    180319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    180319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    173494368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    173494368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    173494368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    173494368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    173494368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    173494368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38414.784832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38414.784832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38414.784832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38414.784832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 38414.784832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38414.784832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    170931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    170931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    170931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    170931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36414.784832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36414.784832                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36414.784832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36414.784832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 36414.784832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36414.784832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         2058.178686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs               1862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             3164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.588496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     0.021744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1829.978580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   228.178362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.055847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.062811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         1854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data            7                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total           1861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks            7                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total            7                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         1854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data           10                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            1864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data           10                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           1864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total         3160                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         1575                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         1575                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          4735                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         4735                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    147697000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     16641500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164338500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     81900000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     81900000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    147697000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     98541500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    246238500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    147697000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     98541500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    246238500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks            7                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total            7                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         1578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         1578                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         6599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         4694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         1905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         6599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.605028                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.978593                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.629357                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.998099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.605028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.717533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.605028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.717533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52005.985915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52004.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52005.854430                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52005.985915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52000.791557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52003.907075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 52005.985915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 52000.791557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52003.907075                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         1575                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4735                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    113600000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     12800000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126400000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     63000000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63000000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    113600000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     75800000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189400000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    113600000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     75800000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189400000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.605028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.978593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.629357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.998099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.605028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.717533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.605028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.994751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.717533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                41                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1363.457571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            77195831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              1905                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          40522.745932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1363.457571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.332875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.332875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     56681678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        56681678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     20514153                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       20514153                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      77195831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         77195831                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     77195831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        77195831                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         1578                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1578                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           1905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         1905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          1905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     17692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17692500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     86664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     86664000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    104356500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    104356500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    104356500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    104356500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     56682005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56682005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     20515731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     20515731                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     77197736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     77197736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     77197736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     77197736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54105.504587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54105.504587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54920.152091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54920.152091                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54780.314961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54780.314961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 54780.314961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54780.314961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total                 7                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     17038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17038500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     83508000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83508000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    100546500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100546500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    100546500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100546500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52105.504587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52105.504587                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52920.152091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52920.152091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52780.314961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52780.314961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52780.314961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52780.314961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput                 1684707                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           5021                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          5021                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback            7                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         1578                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1578                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         9388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         3817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             13205                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       300416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       122368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total         422784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus            422784                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus            0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        3310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       7041000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       2857500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
