
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.960910                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1960909874500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1960909874500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 787846                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   787845                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            25353578812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 353976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    77.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60933947                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60933947                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           833472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24887104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2650688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            31680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           338304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28741248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       833472                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        31680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          865152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7743680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7743680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             13023                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            388861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              5286                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                449082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              425044                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12691610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1351764                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               16156                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              172524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                14657098                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         425044                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          16156                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             441199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3949024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3949024                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3949024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             425044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12691610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1351764                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              16156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             172524                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18606122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        449082                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120995                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      449082                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     120995                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 28737664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      3584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7742592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  28741248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7743680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       56                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs           7094                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               28167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               28459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               28057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               27664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               27762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               27793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               28259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               27872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               28083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               27730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              27672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              28135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              28179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              28505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              28654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              28035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          11                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1960902862500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  449082                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 120995                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    409890                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     10611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      2684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      6306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     6055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     6054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     6134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        49380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      738.726934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     222.746795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1735.319745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          17723     35.89%     35.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         7354     14.89%     50.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         4892      9.91%     60.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2955      5.98%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1860      3.77%     70.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1462      2.96%     73.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451         1143      2.31%     75.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          851      1.72%     77.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          746      1.51%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          676      1.37%     80.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          661      1.34%     81.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          443      0.90%     82.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          337      0.68%     83.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          276      0.56%     83.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          300      0.61%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          399      0.81%     85.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          192      0.39%     85.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155          178      0.36%     85.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219          196      0.40%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283          170      0.34%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347          202      0.41%     87.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          873      1.77%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475          184      0.37%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539          168      0.34%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           96      0.19%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           82      0.17%     89.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731          107      0.22%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795           72      0.15%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           81      0.16%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           51      0.10%     90.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           64      0.13%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           84      0.17%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115           51      0.10%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179           54      0.11%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243           70      0.14%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307           45      0.09%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371           72      0.15%     91.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435           49      0.10%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499           40      0.08%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563           72      0.15%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627           42      0.09%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691           45      0.09%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755           69      0.14%     92.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819           44      0.09%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883           64      0.13%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947           43      0.09%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011           42      0.09%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075           76      0.15%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139           39      0.08%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203           46      0.09%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267           67      0.14%     92.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331           46      0.09%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395           66      0.13%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459           46      0.09%     93.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523           37      0.07%     93.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587           72      0.15%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651           38      0.08%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715           42      0.09%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779           69      0.14%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843           43      0.09%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907           64      0.13%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971           42      0.09%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035           41      0.08%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099           74      0.15%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163           37      0.07%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227           43      0.09%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291           66      0.13%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355           46      0.09%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419           64      0.13%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483           43      0.09%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547           37      0.07%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611          404      0.82%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4675           34      0.07%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4739           44      0.09%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4803           36      0.07%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4867           44      0.09%     96.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931           34      0.07%     96.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4995           44      0.09%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5059           33      0.07%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123           41      0.08%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5187           51      0.10%     96.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251           44      0.09%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315           32      0.06%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379           40      0.08%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5443           37      0.07%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507           43      0.09%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5571           35      0.07%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5635           40      0.08%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5699           33      0.07%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5763           47      0.10%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5827           34      0.07%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5891           43      0.09%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5955           35      0.07%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019           44      0.09%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6083           34      0.07%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6147           44      0.09%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6211           38      0.08%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6275           42      0.09%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6339           35      0.07%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6403           43      0.09%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6467           32      0.06%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6531           40      0.08%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6595           37      0.07%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6659           41      0.08%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6723           32      0.06%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6787          431      0.87%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6915            1      0.00%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043            1      0.00%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7107            1      0.00%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171           10      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7232-7235            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7491            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7555            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7619            3      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7811            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7875            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939            2      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8003            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8131            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195            8      0.02%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8387            2      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8451            2      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8576-8579            1      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8771            2      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8835            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8899            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8963            1      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9091            3      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9155            1      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9219            1      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9280-9283            1      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9347            1      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9475            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9600-9603            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9859            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10368-10371            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10688-10691            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10755            1      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10880-10883            3      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10944-10947            1      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11136-11139            2      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11523            2      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11779            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11840-11843            2      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11904-11907            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12035            1      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12291            2      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12355            3      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12416-12419            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12608-12611            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12675            3      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12803            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13059            2      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13120-13123            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13251            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13315            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13379            2      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13443            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13504-13507            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13699            3      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14016-14019            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14211            3      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14272-14275            2      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14339            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14595            1      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14659            2      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14912-14915            2      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15043            1      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15107            3      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            1      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15235            2      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15296-15299            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           36      0.07%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15427            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15491            2      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15619            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16003            1      0.00%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16064-16067            1      0.00%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387          180      0.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          49380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     6346588750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               14721193750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2245130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  6129475000                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       14134.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    13650.60                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  32784.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          14.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       14.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.95                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     424775                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     95849                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   94.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3439715.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      91.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.53                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     18666756                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              292805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            120995                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            16488                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          11559                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            164894                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           164048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       931055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total       973671                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124663                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1098334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        82290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31176960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31259250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5307968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5307968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            36567218                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               36567218                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            36608                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            43251000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1579578000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3830990646                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376315500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   342160                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65219.945305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    2443226                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   407347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     5.997899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               8615385750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   55312.026017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4807.093964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4897.564051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      159.017352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       44.243921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.843995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.073350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.074731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.002426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.995177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             684719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             664525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             317383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             107430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1774057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          791641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               791641                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             180                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             539                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 719                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            21                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                59                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           129054                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            42974                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               172028                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              684719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              793579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              317383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              150404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1946085                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             684719                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             793579                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             317383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             150404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1946085                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst            13026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data           271672                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst              503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data              242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total               285443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2949                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1793                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4742                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          919                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          927                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         117950                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           5055                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             123005                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             13026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            389622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              5297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                408448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            13026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           389622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             5297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               408448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    997409492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17552881248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19470500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    18605211240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      1291954                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10252557                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     11544511                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       835964                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       163493                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       999457                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8264985252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    387201489                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8652186741                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    997409492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25817866500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    406671989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     27257397981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    997409492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25817866500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     35450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    406671989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    27257397981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         697745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         936197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         317886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         107672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            2059500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       791641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           791641                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3129                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2332                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5461                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          957                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          948                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1905                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       247004                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        48029                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295033                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          697745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1183201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          317886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          155701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2354533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         697745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1183201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         317886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         155701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2354533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.290187                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.001582                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.002248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.138598                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942474                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.768868                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.868339                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.960293                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.977848                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.969029                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.477523                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.105249                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.416919                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.329295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.001582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.034020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.173473                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.329295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.001582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.034020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.173473                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76570.665745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64610.564386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70477.137177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 80456.611570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65180.127871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   438.099017                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5718.102064                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2434.523619                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   909.645267                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data   176.367853                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total   541.417660                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70071.939398                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76597.722849                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70340.122280                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76570.665745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66263.882686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70477.137177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76774.020955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66734.071365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 76570.665745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66263.882686                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 70477.137177                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76774.020955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66734.071365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79475                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          285432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2949                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1793                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4742                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          919                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          927                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       117950                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5055                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        123005                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       389622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           408437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        13023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       389622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          408437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    831386758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14156096752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15032536510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     29642946                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     17939793                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47582739                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9190919                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9270927                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18461846                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6783022748                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    323366011                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7106388759                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    831386758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20939119500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28603000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    339816011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22138925269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    831386758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20939119500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     28603000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    339816011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22138925269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1373164500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     17619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1390783500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2154378500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    679235000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2833613500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3527543000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    696854000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4224397000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.138593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.942474                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.768868                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868339                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.960293                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.977848                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969029                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.477523                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.105249                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.416919                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.173468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.329295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63839.880058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 52107.308637                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57783.838384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67975.206612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52665.911706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10051.863683                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10005.461796                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10034.318642                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57507.611259                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63969.537290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57773.169863                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63839.880058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53742.138534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57783.838384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64152.541250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54204.014986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 63839.880058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 53742.138534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 57783.838384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 64152.541250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54204.014986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41694                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.570482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1754531382000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.570482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.035655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41726                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21249133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21249133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12966402814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12966402814                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12987651947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  12987651947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12987651947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  12987651947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41726                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41726                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122121.454023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122121.454023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 312052.435839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 312052.435839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 311260.411901                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 311260.411901                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 311260.411901                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 311260.411901                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        401197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                28980                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.843927                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12200133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12200133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10804136814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10804136814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10816336947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10816336947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10816336947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10816336947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70115.706897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70115.706897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 260014.844388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260014.844388                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 259222.953243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259222.953243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 259222.953243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259222.953243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7532654                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7812                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  524694                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5120278                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      919                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         139                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 202960                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12652932                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8731                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          349                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  727654                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3655515                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     4023                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3659538                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3921819749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47983654                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47983654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             44515044                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                211401                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1203620                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5635723                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    44515044                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       211401                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           61226145                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          33154260                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              103282                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             105080                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12694028                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7560495                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5133533                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3698209766.998114                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              223609982.001886                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.057017                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.942983                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6813                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    165343                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   56789     40.24%     40.24% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     40.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1973      1.40%     41.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    435      0.31%     42.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  81806     57.96%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              141134                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    56279     49.08%     49.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.11%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1973      1.72%     50.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     435      0.38%     51.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   55844     48.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               114662                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1901501471500     96.97%     96.97% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               95150500      0.00%     96.98% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              767153500      0.04%     97.01% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              322241000      0.02%     97.03% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            58223100500      2.97%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1960909117000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.991019                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.682639                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.812434                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.42%      3.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        20      8.55%     11.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.71%     13.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        33     14.10%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.43%     28.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       10      4.27%     32.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.27%     36.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.56%     39.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.43%     39.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.28%     41.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        8      3.42%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.85%     45.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       39     16.67%     61.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.28%     63.25% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.27%     67.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.27%     71.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.43%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.56%     74.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       27     11.54%     86.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.28%     87.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        7      2.99%     90.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.43%     91.03% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.28%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      3.85%     96.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.85%     97.01% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.85%     97.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.43%     98.29% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.85%     99.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   234                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  517      0.35%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3090      2.07%      2.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      52      0.03%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               134176     89.74%     92.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6700      4.48%     96.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4418      2.95%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 396      0.26%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     139      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                149515                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             7023                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1378                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1377                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1378                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.196070                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.327937                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1957102433500     99.81%     99.81% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3806679000      0.19%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3091                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   103937669                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2101927                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2101912                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14109                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14109                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           791641                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           16698                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         11618                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28316                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           338479                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          296929                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1395511                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3121357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       635773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       463473                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               5616114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     44655680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    119473096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     20344704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     16974250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          201447730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             201437426                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         2374976                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4790041400                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           724500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3142512505                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        5519878863                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy        1430590492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         794307231                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                       1399302                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55661                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55661                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  126068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        56024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        82290                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2743906                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2743906                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             13361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               359000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2453000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           377744447                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28507000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42681500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           697136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          508.398756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           47294969                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           697648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.792023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      40091069250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   508.398756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.992966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     47294969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       47294969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     47294969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        47294969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     47294969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       47294969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       697766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       697766                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       697766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        697766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       697766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       697766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9984385005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9984385005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9984385005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9984385005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9984385005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9984385005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47992735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47992735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47992735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47992735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47992735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47992735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14309.073536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14309.073536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14309.073536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14309.073536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14309.073536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14309.073536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       697766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       697766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       697766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       697766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       697766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       697766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8583721995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583721995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8583721995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583721995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   8583721995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8583721995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12301.720054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12301.720054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12301.720054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12301.720054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12301.720054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12301.720054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1186229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.271614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11460994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1186741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.657536                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        107902250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.271614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6451735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6451735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4706856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4706856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       140512                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       140512                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       148003                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       148003                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11158591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11158591                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11158591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11158591                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       939483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       939483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       256736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256736                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13633                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13633                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5600                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5600                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1196219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1196219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1196219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1196219                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27076055500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27076055500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10459807694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10459807694                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    148332750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    148332750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     43345419                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     43345419                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37535863194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  37535863194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  37535863194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  37535863194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7391218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7391218                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4963592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4963592                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       154145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       154145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       153603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       153603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12354810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12354810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12354810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12354810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088443                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.088443                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036458                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.036458                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28820.165453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28820.165453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40741.492015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40741.492015                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10880.418837                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10880.418837                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7740.253393                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7740.253393                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31378.755223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31378.755223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31378.755223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31378.755223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       682519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           682519                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       939483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       939483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13633                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13633                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5600                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5600                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1196219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1196219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1196219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1196219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25065202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25065202500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   9891526306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9891526306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    121052250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121052250                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     32145581                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32145581                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_mshr_miss_latency::total         1000                       # number of StoreCondFailReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34956728806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34956728806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  34956728806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34956728806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1465602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1465602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2284723500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2284723500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3750325500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3750325500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.088443                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088443                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036458                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036458                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.096822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 26679.782923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26679.782923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38528.006614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38528.006614                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8879.355241                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8879.355241                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5740.282321                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5740.282321                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondFailReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total          inf                       # average StoreCondFailReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29222.683142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29222.683142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29222.683142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29222.683142                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2383442                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2620                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  205337                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1706844                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      235                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          24                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  89739                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4090286                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      2855                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           24                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  295076                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1814139                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1064                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1815203                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3919927793                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   12950293                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     12950293                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             11929999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                174217                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     410658                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1281658                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    11929999                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       174217                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           16394755                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8774296                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               90513                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              92474                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4113222                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2397194                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1716028                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3870487590.349789                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              49440202.650211                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012613                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987387                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2744                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     78268                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   26619     38.27%     38.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1969      2.83%     41.10% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    517      0.74%     41.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  40454     58.16%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               69559                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    25752     48.16%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1969      3.68%     51.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     517      0.97%     52.81% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   25236     47.19%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                53474                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1908686801000     97.38%     97.38% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              700508000      0.04%     97.42% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              362068000      0.02%     97.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            50214489500      2.56%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1959963866500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.967429                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.623820                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.768757                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        10     10.87%     10.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                         9      9.78%     20.65% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      1.09%     21.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        5      5.43%     27.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      3.26%     30.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      3.26%     33.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        3      3.26%     36.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       15     16.30%     53.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      3.26%     56.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      1.09%     57.61% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       27     29.35%     86.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                        9      9.78%     96.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      3.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                    92                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  435      0.61%      0.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.61% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2001      2.79%      3.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                63355     88.19%     91.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2145      2.99%     94.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     94.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3718      5.18%     99.77% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 121      0.17%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      42      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 71838                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             1956                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                368                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2906                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                809                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  368                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  441                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.413599                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.151755                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.309369                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       17986814000      0.92%      0.92% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1484472500      0.08%      0.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1939632240000     99.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2002                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           317336                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          446.450379                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           12635285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           317847                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            39.752727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1958987590000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   446.450379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.871973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.871973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     12635285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12635285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     12635285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        12635285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     12635285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       12635285                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       317887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       317887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       317887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        317887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       317887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       317887                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4180819492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4180819492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4180819492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4180819492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4180819492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4180819492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     12953172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12953172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     12953172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     12953172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     12953172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     12953172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024541                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024541                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024541                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13151.904582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13151.904582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13151.904582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13151.904582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13151.904582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13151.904582                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       317887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       317887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       317887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       317887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       317887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       317887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3544847508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3544847508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3544847508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3544847508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3544847508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3544847508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11151.281770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11151.281770                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11151.281770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11151.281770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11151.281770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11151.281770                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           158764                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          485.752776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            3916687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           159090                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.619316                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      67802253000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   485.752776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.948736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.948736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2220669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2220669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1595283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1595283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        48031                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48031                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        50613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50613                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3815952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3815952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3815952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3815952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       116704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       116704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        56889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        56889                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9081                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9081                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         6019                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6019                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       173593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        173593                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       173593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       173593                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1411486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1411486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1044020804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1044020804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     82357000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     82357000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     44184927                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     44184927                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2455506804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2455506804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2455506804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2455506804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2337373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2337373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1652172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1652172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        57112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        57112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56632                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        56632                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      3989545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      3989545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      3989545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      3989545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034433                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.159003                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.159003                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.106283                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.106283                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.043512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.043512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12094.581163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12094.581163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18351.892352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18351.892352                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9069.155379                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9069.155379                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7340.908290                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7340.908290                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14145.194818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14145.194818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14145.194818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14145.194818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       109122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           109122                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       116704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       116704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        56889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        56889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9081                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9081                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6019                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6019                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       173593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       173593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       173593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       173593                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1178000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1178000000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    927938196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    927938196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     64195000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64195000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32145073                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32145073                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2105938196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2105938196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2105938196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2105938196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     18776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     18776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    718207000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    718207000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    736983000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    736983000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034433                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034433                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.159003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.106283                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106283                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.043512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10093.912805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10093.912805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16311.381743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16311.381743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7069.155379                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7069.155379                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5340.600266                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5340.600266                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12131.469564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12131.469564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12131.469564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12131.469564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
