
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.104766                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1104766159000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1104766159000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49697                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    63978                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              891289209                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 450492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1239.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61600257                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      79301805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::realview.clcd     48758784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.dtb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           409280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          4366772                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.dtb.walker          832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           405824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          5250416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             59192932                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       409280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       405824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          815104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4267520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0.data         17000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1.data       3010344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7294864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::realview.clcd       6094848                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              6395                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             68303                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              6341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             82064                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               6257980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66680                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0.data             4250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1.data           752586                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               823516                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::realview.clcd        44134936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.dtb.walker           753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker           174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              370468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             3952666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.dtb.walker           753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst              367339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             4752513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                53579603                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         370468                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst         367339                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             737807                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3862827                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0.data              15388                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1.data            2724870                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                6603084                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3862827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::realview.clcd       44134936                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.dtb.walker          753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker          174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             370468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            3968054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.dtb.walker          753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst             367339                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            7477383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               60182687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       6257980                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       823516                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     6257980                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     823516                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                398158784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                   2351936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7399168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  59192932                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7294864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                    36749                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                  707898                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          12570                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              391105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              391040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              387008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              386856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              391768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              391357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              387221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              386642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              391438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              391160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             385906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             385319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             390977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             390642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             386557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             386235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               6838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               6834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1104765054500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                     105                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                 6094848                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  163027                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                 756836                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66680                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    551365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    495534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                    447275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                   1468617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                   1056766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                   1046048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                   1041328                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                     24902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                     24744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      9802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     9495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     9368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     9115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                     8928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                     8808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                     8712                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                       15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                       11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      5114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      5795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      5243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      5570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      5180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     5142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     5133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5141                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     5161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        70891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean     5720.862056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     370.371771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev   12983.455583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-71          25780     36.37%     36.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-135        14831     20.92%     57.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-199         3170      4.47%     61.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-263         2175      3.07%     64.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-327         1493      2.11%     66.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-391         1297      1.83%     68.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-455         1053      1.49%     70.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-519         1149      1.62%     71.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-583          657      0.93%     72.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-647          651      0.92%     73.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-711          556      0.78%     74.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-775          523      0.74%     75.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-839          304      0.43%     75.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-903          266      0.38%     76.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-967          142      0.20%     76.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1031          425      0.60%     76.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1095          119      0.17%     77.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1159          139      0.20%     77.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1223           90      0.13%     77.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1287          153      0.22%     77.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1351           51      0.07%     77.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1415          550      0.78%     78.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1479           38      0.05%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1543          222      0.31%     78.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1607           29      0.04%     78.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1671          108      0.15%     78.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1735           16      0.02%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1799          111      0.16%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1863           28      0.04%     79.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1927           57      0.08%     79.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1991           19      0.03%     79.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2055          237      0.33%     79.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2119           12      0.02%     79.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2183           45      0.06%     79.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2247           10      0.01%     79.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2311           54      0.08%     79.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2375           16      0.02%     79.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2439           29      0.04%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2503            2      0.00%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2567           27      0.04%     79.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2631            2      0.00%     79.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2695           17      0.02%     79.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2759            5      0.01%     79.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2823           28      0.04%     79.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2887            7      0.01%     79.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2951           22      0.03%     80.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3015            5      0.01%     80.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3079          178      0.25%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3143            2      0.00%     80.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3207           13      0.02%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3271            3      0.00%     80.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3335           91      0.13%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3399            6      0.01%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3463           20      0.03%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3527            6      0.01%     80.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3591           46      0.06%     80.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3655           11      0.02%     80.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3719           27      0.04%     80.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3783            5      0.01%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3847           37      0.05%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3911           12      0.02%     80.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3975           18      0.03%     80.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4039           12      0.02%     80.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4103          201      0.28%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4167            6      0.01%     80.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4231           17      0.02%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4295            8      0.01%     81.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4359           92      0.13%     81.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4423           19      0.03%     81.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4487           20      0.03%     81.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4551           13      0.02%     81.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4615           19      0.03%     81.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4679            2      0.00%     81.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4743            6      0.01%     81.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4807           10      0.01%     81.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4871           20      0.03%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4935            4      0.01%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4999           13      0.02%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5063            3      0.00%     81.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5127           93      0.13%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5191            4      0.01%     81.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5255           15      0.02%     81.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5319            8      0.01%     81.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5383           84      0.12%     81.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5447            5      0.01%     81.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5511            9      0.01%     81.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5575            5      0.01%     81.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5639           19      0.03%     81.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5696-5703            2      0.00%     81.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5767            7      0.01%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5831            2      0.00%     81.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5895          138      0.19%     81.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5959            4      0.01%     81.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6023           11      0.02%     81.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6087           12      0.02%     81.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6151           85      0.12%     82.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6215            8      0.01%     82.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6279            6      0.01%     82.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6343            5      0.01%     82.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6407           96      0.14%     82.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6471            4      0.01%     82.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6535           12      0.02%     82.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6592-6599            4      0.01%     82.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6663           80      0.11%     82.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6727            5      0.01%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6791           21      0.03%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6855            6      0.01%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6919           25      0.04%     82.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6983            5      0.01%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7047            3      0.00%     82.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7111            5      0.01%     82.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7175           24      0.03%     82.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7303            4      0.01%     82.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7367           11      0.02%     82.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7431           94      0.13%     82.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7495            1      0.00%     82.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7559           12      0.02%     82.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7616-7623            4      0.01%     82.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7687           79      0.11%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7744-7751            3      0.00%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7815            3      0.00%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7879            2      0.00%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7943           32      0.05%     82.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8000-8007            4      0.01%     82.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8071            8      0.01%     82.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8199          266      0.38%     83.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8327            2      0.00%     83.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8384-8391            1      0.00%     83.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8448-8455           25      0.04%     83.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8711           67      0.09%     83.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8768-8775            3      0.00%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8832-8839            1      0.00%     83.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8967           85      0.12%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9152-9159            1      0.00%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9223           19      0.03%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9280-9287            1      0.00%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9344-9351            1      0.00%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9472-9479           13      0.02%     83.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9536-9543            1      0.00%     83.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9728-9735           69      0.10%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9792-9799            1      0.00%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9863            2      0.00%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9920-9927            1      0.00%     83.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9991           92      0.13%     83.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10176-10183            1      0.00%     83.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10247           80      0.11%     83.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10496-10503           87      0.12%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10560-10567            1      0.00%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10624-10631            2      0.00%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10688-10695            1      0.00%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10752-10759           16      0.02%     84.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11015           75      0.11%     84.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11136-11143            1      0.00%     84.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11264-11271           80      0.11%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11328-11335            2      0.00%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11392-11399            1      0.00%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11456-11463            1      0.00%     84.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11527           15      0.02%     84.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11783           10      0.01%     84.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12039           70      0.10%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12096-12103            1      0.00%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12160-12167            1      0.00%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12224-12231            1      0.00%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12295          175      0.25%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12352-12359            1      0.00%     84.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12551           22      0.03%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12679            1      0.00%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12800-12807           37      0.05%     84.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12992-12999            1      0.00%     84.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13063           80      0.11%     84.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13191            1      0.00%     84.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13319          161      0.23%     85.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13568-13575            8      0.01%     85.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13703            1      0.00%     85.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13824-13831           12      0.02%     85.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13888-13895            2      0.00%     85.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13952-13959            2      0.00%     85.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14080-14087           25      0.04%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14144-14151            1      0.00%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14215            1      0.00%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14343          180      0.25%     85.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14400-14407            1      0.00%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14528-14535            1      0.00%     85.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14592-14599           23      0.03%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14663            1      0.00%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14855            2      0.00%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14976-14983            1      0.00%     85.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15040-15047            1      0.00%     85.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15104-15111           22      0.03%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15232-15239            1      0.00%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15367          213      0.30%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15552-15559            1      0.00%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15616-15623           15      0.02%     85.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15680-15687            2      0.00%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15872-15879            5      0.01%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15936-15943            1      0.00%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16000-16007            1      0.00%     85.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16135            4      0.01%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16199            3      0.00%     85.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16320-16327            1      0.00%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16391          278      0.39%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16576-16583            1      0.00%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16640-16647            6      0.01%     86.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16896-16903            6      0.01%     86.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17152-17159           16      0.02%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17216-17223            2      0.00%     86.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17280-17287            4      0.01%     86.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17408-17415          216      0.30%     86.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17600-17607            4      0.01%     86.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17664-17671           28      0.04%     86.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::17920-17927            6      0.01%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18112-18119            2      0.00%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18176-18183           20      0.03%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18240-18247            1      0.00%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18432-18439          175      0.25%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18560-18567            1      0.00%     86.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18688-18695           21      0.03%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18752-18759            2      0.00%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::18944-18951           11      0.02%     86.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19072-19079            1      0.00%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19200-19207           12      0.02%     86.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19328-19335            2      0.00%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19392-19399            2      0.00%     86.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19456-19463          153      0.22%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19584-19591            1      0.00%     87.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19648-19655            2      0.00%     87.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19712-19719           76      0.11%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19776-19783            4      0.01%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19840-19847            1      0.00%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19904-19911            1      0.00%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::19968-19975           33      0.05%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20224-20231           20      0.03%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20288-20295            1      0.00%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20352-20359            1      0.00%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20416-20423            1      0.00%     87.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20480-20487          171      0.24%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20608-20615            1      0.00%     87.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20736-20743           75      0.11%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20928-20935            1      0.00%     87.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::20992-20999           12      0.02%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21056-21063            1      0.00%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21248-21255           17      0.02%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21376-21383            3      0.00%     87.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21504-21511           73      0.10%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21568-21575            1      0.00%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21632-21639            1      0.00%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21696-21703            1      0.00%     87.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21760-21767           72      0.10%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21824-21831            2      0.00%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::21888-21895            1      0.00%     87.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22016-22023           12      0.02%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22080-22087            1      0.00%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22144-22151            1      0.00%     88.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22208-22215            2      0.00%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22272-22279           88      0.12%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22464-22471            2      0.00%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22528-22535           73      0.10%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22656-22663            3      0.00%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22784-22791           94      0.13%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::22848-22855            1      0.00%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23040-23047           67      0.09%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23168-23175            1      0.00%     88.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23296-23303           10      0.01%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23360-23367            1      0.00%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23424-23431            1      0.00%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23488-23495            1      0.00%     88.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23552-23559           18      0.03%     88.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23680-23687            2      0.00%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23744-23751            1      0.00%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::23808-23815           82      0.12%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24064-24071           73      0.10%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24320-24327           24      0.03%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24448-24455            1      0.00%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24512-24519            1      0.00%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24576-24583          150      0.21%     88.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24704-24711            1      0.00%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24768-24775            1      0.00%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24832-24839           25      0.04%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::24960-24967            1      0.00%     89.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25088-25095           68      0.10%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25344-25351           86      0.12%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25536-25543            1      0.00%     89.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25600-25607           20      0.03%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25792-25799            1      0.00%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25856-25863           14      0.02%     89.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::25984-25991            3      0.00%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26048-26055            1      0.00%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26112-26119           69      0.10%     89.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26176-26183            2      0.00%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26240-26247            2      0.00%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26304-26311            2      0.00%     89.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26368-26375           93      0.13%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26432-26439            1      0.00%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26496-26503            2      0.00%     89.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26624-26631           75      0.11%     89.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26688-26695            1      0.00%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::26880-26887           84      0.12%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27072-27079            1      0.00%     89.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27136-27143           14      0.02%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27264-27271            1      0.00%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27328-27335            2      0.00%     89.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27392-27399           75      0.11%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27584-27591            1      0.00%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27648-27655           77      0.11%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27712-27719            1      0.00%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27840-27847            1      0.00%     90.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::27904-27911           16      0.02%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28032-28039            1      0.00%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28096-28103            1      0.00%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28160-28167            8      0.01%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28224-28231            2      0.00%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28288-28295            1      0.00%     90.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28416-28423           75      0.11%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28480-28487            1      0.00%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28608-28615            1      0.00%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28672-28679          176      0.25%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28736-28743            1      0.00%     90.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28928-28935           20      0.03%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::28992-28999            1      0.00%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29056-29063            2      0.00%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29120-29127            1      0.00%     90.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29184-29191           31      0.04%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29248-29255            1      0.00%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29312-29319            2      0.00%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29376-29383            3      0.00%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29440-29447           76      0.11%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29568-29575            1      0.00%     90.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29696-29703          149      0.21%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29824-29831            1      0.00%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29888-29895            1      0.00%     90.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::29952-29959           13      0.02%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30080-30087            2      0.00%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30208-30215            7      0.01%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30272-30279            1      0.00%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30464-30471           23      0.03%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30528-30535            2      0.00%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30592-30599            1      0.00%     90.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30656-30663            1      0.00%     90.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30720-30727          175      0.25%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30784-30791            2      0.00%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30912-30919            6      0.01%     91.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::30976-30983           19      0.03%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31168-31175            1      0.00%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31232-31239            4      0.01%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31360-31367            1      0.00%     91.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31488-31495           24      0.03%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31616-31623            2      0.00%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31680-31687            1      0.00%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31744-31751          210      0.30%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31808-31815            1      0.00%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31872-31879            1      0.00%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::31936-31943            1      0.00%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32000-32007           12      0.02%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32256-32263            5      0.01%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32384-32391            1      0.00%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32512-32519            5      0.01%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32704-32711            2      0.00%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::32768-32775          275      0.39%     91.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33024-33031            4      0.01%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33152-33159            1      0.00%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33280-33287            5      0.01%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33408-33415            1      0.00%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33472-33479            1      0.00%     91.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33536-33543           21      0.03%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33600-33607            1      0.00%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33664-33671            4      0.01%     92.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33792-33799          214      0.30%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33920-33927            1      0.00%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::33984-33991            1      0.00%     92.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34048-34055           20      0.03%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34176-34183            1      0.00%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34304-34311            2      0.00%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34560-34567           21      0.03%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::34816-34823          167      0.24%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35072-35079           18      0.03%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35200-35207            1      0.00%     92.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35328-35335            7      0.01%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35456-35463            1      0.00%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35520-35527            1      0.00%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35584-35591           13      0.02%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35648-35655            1      0.00%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35712-35719            1      0.00%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35840-35847          147      0.21%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::35968-35975            1      0.00%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36032-36039            1      0.00%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36096-36103           73      0.10%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36160-36167            1      0.00%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36224-36231            1      0.00%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36352-36359           29      0.04%     93.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36416-36423            1      0.00%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36480-36487            1      0.00%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36608-36615           20      0.03%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36800-36807            1      0.00%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::36864-36871          174      0.25%     93.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37120-37127           72      0.10%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37376-37383            7      0.01%     93.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37632-37639           17      0.02%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37696-37703            2      0.00%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::37888-37895           76      0.11%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38144-38151           72      0.10%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38336-38343            1      0.00%     93.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38400-38407           12      0.02%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38592-38599            1      0.00%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38656-38663           83      0.12%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::38912-38919           77      0.11%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39040-39047            2      0.00%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39168-39175           93      0.13%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39360-39367            1      0.00%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39424-39431           65      0.09%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39552-39559            1      0.00%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39680-39687           10      0.01%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::39936-39943           17      0.02%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40000-40007            2      0.00%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40128-40135            1      0.00%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40192-40199           82      0.12%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40256-40263            1      0.00%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40448-40455           67      0.09%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40640-40647            1      0.00%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40704-40711           23      0.03%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40896-40903            1      0.00%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::40960-40967          150      0.21%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41024-41031            1      0.00%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41088-41095            1      0.00%     94.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41216-41223           23      0.03%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41280-41287            1      0.00%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41344-41351            2      0.00%     94.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41472-41479           70      0.10%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41536-41543            1      0.00%     94.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41664-41671            1      0.00%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41728-41735           82      0.12%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41792-41799            1      0.00%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::41984-41991           16      0.02%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42240-42247           13      0.02%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42368-42375            1      0.00%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42496-42503           66      0.09%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42688-42695            1      0.00%     95.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42752-42759           92      0.13%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42816-42823            1      0.00%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::42944-42951            1      0.00%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43008-43015           75      0.11%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43264-43271           86      0.12%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43520-43527           12      0.02%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43648-43655            2      0.00%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43776-43783           74      0.10%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::43904-43911            2      0.00%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44032-44039           73      0.10%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44160-44167            3      0.00%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44224-44231            1      0.00%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44288-44295           16      0.02%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44544-44551            9      0.01%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44608-44615            2      0.00%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44800-44807           74      0.10%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::44928-44935            4      0.01%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45056-45063          173      0.24%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45120-45127            1      0.00%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45248-45255            1      0.00%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45312-45319           19      0.03%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45504-45511            1      0.00%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45568-45575           34      0.05%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45696-45703            2      0.00%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::45824-45831           76      0.11%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46080-46087          150      0.21%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46144-46151            1      0.00%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46208-46215            1      0.00%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46336-46343            8      0.01%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46528-46535            1      0.00%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46592-46599            9      0.01%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46848-46855           17      0.02%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::46912-46919            1      0.00%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47104-47111          174      0.25%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47360-47367           22      0.03%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47424-47431            1      0.00%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47488-47495            1      0.00%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47616-47623            2      0.00%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47744-47751            3      0.00%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::47872-47879           21      0.03%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48128-48135          208      0.29%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48192-48199            1      0.00%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48384-48391           12      0.02%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48640-48647            4      0.01%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48768-48775           10      0.01%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48896-48903            4      0.01%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::48960-48967            3      0.00%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49024-49031            3      0.00%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49088-49095            3      0.00%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49152-49159         2000      2.82%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49216-49223            1      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49280-49287            1      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49664-49671            2      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49728-49735            1      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::49920-49927            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50048-50055            2      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50176-50183            2      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50304-50311            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50368-50375            1      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50496-50503            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50624-50631            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50688-50695            1      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50752-50759            2      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::50944-50951            2      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51008-51015            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51328-51335            1      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51456-51463            4      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51520-51527            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51584-51591            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51648-51655            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51712-51719            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51904-51911            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::51968-51975            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52160-52167            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::52416-52423            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          70891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                   151784626000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat              191524282250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                  31106155000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  8633501250                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       24397.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                     1387.75                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30785.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         360.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           6.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       53.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        6.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       2.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        10.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                    6167948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     98004                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   99.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  84.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       156007.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      98.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               3.90                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_read::total           448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bytes_inst_read::total          448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst            6                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.num_reads::total              7                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst           58                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst          348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_read::total              406                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst           58                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          348                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_inst_read::total          406                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           58                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst          348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.realview.nvmem.bw_total::total             406                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.membus.throughput                     62368825                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7306736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7306736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq             767886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp            767886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             66680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            33856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          17703                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           12570                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            138080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           137692                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2382504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        11632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio          842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1971133                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      4366129                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     12189696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total     12189696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               16555825                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      2389767                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.nvmem.port          448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.gic.pio        23264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.a9scu.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.realview.local_cpu_timer.pio         1684                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17729012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     20144183                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     48758784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total     48758784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            68902967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               68902967                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1486954500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9891500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                3000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer5.occupancy              747500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer6.occupancy          8614133500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer6.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4838543340                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy        13759512942                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    72740                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                53860.173191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    1837966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   137924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    13.325933                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   39518.362493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.dtb.walker     5.391068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.010261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4016.186215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2832.215798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.dtb.walker     8.504423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     3702.179063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     3777.323870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.603002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.061282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.056491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.057637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.821841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        22002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst             385872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data             166544                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        31083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst             589425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data             198327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                1402653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::writebacks          581363                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total               581363                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            1344                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             738                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2082                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           204                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           140                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total               344                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            48345                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            58632                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               106977                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         22002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker          4348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              385872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              214889                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         31083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          5052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              589425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              256959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1509630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        22002                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         4348                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             385872                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             214889                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        31083                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         5052                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             589425                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             256959                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1509630                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst             6278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data             6388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst             6308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data             6245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                25248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          5144                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          3776                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              8920                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          633                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1053                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63281                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          77008                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             140289                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              6278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             69669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              6308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             83253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                165537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             6278                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            69669                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             6308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            83253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               165537                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1043750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       232500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    459739750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    479407748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1279750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    475943000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    485330750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     1902977248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8942096                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     12221481                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     21163577                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       441981                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2952874                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      3394855                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4424511594                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6267545062                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10692056656                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1043750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       232500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    459739750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4903919342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1279750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    475943000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6752875812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     12595033904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker      1043750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       232500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    459739750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4903919342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1279750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    475943000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6752875812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    12595033904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        22015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         392150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data         172932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        31096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         595733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data         204572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total            1427901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       581363                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total           581363                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         6488                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         4514                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           11002                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          837                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          560                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1397                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       111626                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       135640                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           247266                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        22015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          392150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          284558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        31096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          595733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          340212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             1675167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        22015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker         4351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         392150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         284558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        31096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         5052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         595733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         340212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            1675167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.036939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010589                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.030527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.017682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.792848                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.836509                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.810762                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.756272                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.753758                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.567738                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.567361                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.016009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.244832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.010589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.244709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.098818                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.016009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.244832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.010589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.244709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.098818                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 80288.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        77500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73230.288308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 75048.175955                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 98442.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75450.697527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 77715.092074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75371.405577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1738.354588                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3236.621028                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2372.598318                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data   698.232227                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7030.652381                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  3223.983856                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 69918.484126                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81388.233197                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76214.504744                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 80288.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        77500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73230.288308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70388.829207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 98442.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75450.697527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81112.702389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76085.913747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 80288.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker        77500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 73230.288308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70388.829207                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 98442.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 75450.697527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 81112.702389                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76085.913747                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               66680                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    66680                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data             38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 74                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            38                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                74                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6350                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5144                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         3776                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         8920                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          633                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          420                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1053                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        63281                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        77008                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        140289                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           165463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            3                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         6274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        69631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.dtb.walker           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         6301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        83228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          165463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       881250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    380499000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    397371498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1120250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    396299500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    405553250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1581920748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     51551580                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     38112192                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89663772                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6339632                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      4220416                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10560048                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   3630585396                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5309182934                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8939768330                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       881250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    380499000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4027956894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1120250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    396299500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5714736184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10521689078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker       881250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker       196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    380499000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4027956894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker      1120250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    396299500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5714736184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10521689078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6382249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  12399518741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2397749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 154603727234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 167012025973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1005734999                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  16506425201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  17512160200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      6382249                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13405253740                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      2397749                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 171110152435                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 184524186173                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000418                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.030405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.792848                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.836509                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.810762                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.756272                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.750000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.753758                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.566902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.567738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.567361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.244636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.098774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.dtb.walker     0.000591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.244699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.dtb.walker     0.000418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.010577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.244636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.098774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 67788.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 65333.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60646.955690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62578.188661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86173.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62894.699254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65201.487138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62839.467228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10021.691291                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10093.271186                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10051.992377                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10015.216430                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10048.609524                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10028.535613                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57372.440322                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68943.264778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63723.943645                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 67788.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 65333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60646.955690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57847.178613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86173.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62894.699254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68663.625030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63589.376948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.dtb.walker 67788.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.itb.walker 65333.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 60646.955690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57847.178613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.dtb.walker 86173.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 62894.699254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68663.625030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63589.376948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cf0.dma_read_full_pages                      0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_bytes                           0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_read_txs                             0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.cf0.dma_write_full_pages                     0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_bytes                          0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.cf0.dma_write_txs                            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.throughput                   136617428                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2707473                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2707472                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq            767886                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp           767886                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback           581363                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           33341                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         18047                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          51388                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           258982                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          258982                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       785116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1073701                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        13590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        55763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1192186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4801848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        14637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        72416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               8009257                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     25105344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     34847157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        17404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        88060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     38129856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     47787842                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.itb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side        20208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu1.dtb.walker.dma::system.l2c.cpu_side       124384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total          146120255                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.data_through_bus             146120255                       # Total data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus         4810056                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4893985918                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1769514129                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1514543493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy           9260456                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          33892454                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy        2685747678                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy        3237154790                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy           9609448                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy          41592193                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.throughput                      46298079                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              7278155                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             7278155                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7945                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7945                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        30446                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio         8022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio          724                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2342380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      2382504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     12189696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     12189696                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                14572200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart.pio        40164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.realview_io.pio        16044                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer0.pio           68                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.timer1.pio         1448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.clcd.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi0.pio           86                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.kmi1.pio          271                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.cf_ctrl.pio      2331126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.dmac_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.uart3_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.smc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sp810_fake.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.watchdog_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio0_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio1_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.gpio2_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.ssp_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.sci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.aaci_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.mmc_fake.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.realview.rtc.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      2389767                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side     48758784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.realview.clcd.dma::total     48758784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total             51148551                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                51148551                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             21348000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy              4017000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                34000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy               368000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy                27000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                74000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy               297000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy           1172909000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy                 8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer21.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy                8000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy          6094848000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy          2374559000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy         16664463058                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                5998612                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          4575425                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect           295221                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             3794321                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                2910648                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct            76.710642                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 672923                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect             29222                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     8906772                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                     28714                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5141355                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                     5491                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.dtb.flush_entries                    1825                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.dtb.align_faults                      924                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.prefetch_faults                   308                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.perms_faults                      586                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                 8935486                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                5146846                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.hits                         14048127                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.misses                          34205                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.accesses                     14082332                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_hits                     4217878                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu0.itb.inst_misses                      5102                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu0.itb.flush_entries                    1349                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu0.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu0.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.perms_faults                     1453                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.inst_accesses                 4222980                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu0.itb.hits                          4217878                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.misses                           5102                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.accesses                      4222980                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                        69399845                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11707943                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      32011744                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    5998612                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           3583571                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                      7516048                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                1450698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.TlbCycles                     61322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu0.fetch.BlockedCycles              19616707                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                4844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        46699                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1334001                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          291                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                  4216315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes               157019                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2077                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          41328581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.001115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.381687                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                33820062     81.83%     81.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                  563590      1.36%     83.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                  816833      1.98%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                  678550      1.64%     86.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                  773451      1.87%     88.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                  557877      1.35%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                  667950      1.62%     91.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                  351268      0.85%     92.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                 3099000      7.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            41328581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.086436                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.461265                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                12211654                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             20807916                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                  6822131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles               509652                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                977228                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.BranchResolved              934234                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu0.decode.BranchMispred                64577                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts              40012411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.SquashedInsts               212282                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                977228                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                12781253                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                5974864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles      12788176                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                  6710782                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles              2096278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts              38908722                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                 1870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents                435924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LSQFullEvents              1167673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.FullRegisterEvents              74                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands           39248766                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            175739111                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       161807828                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups             3998                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps             30938690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                 8310075                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts            411292                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        370393                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                  5377655                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads             7648768                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            5690459                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1124911                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1238842                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                  36825251                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             895403                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                 37248866                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            80758                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        6273186                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13119240                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        256527                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     41328581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.901286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.515261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26256934     63.53%     63.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5686623     13.76%     77.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3113893      7.53%     84.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            2469463      5.98%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            2128203      5.15%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             923425      2.23%     98.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             509489      1.23%     99.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             185211      0.45%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              55340      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       41328581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  26660      2.48%      2.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   451      0.04%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      2.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                843359     78.54%     81.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               203361     18.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            52279      0.14%      0.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             22336119     59.96%     60.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               46932      0.13%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   1      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                 10      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              6      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           700      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            6      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     60.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             9364529     25.14%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5448283     14.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total              37248866                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          0.536728                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1073831                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.028829                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         117006401                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         44001611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     34345325                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               8483                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              4644                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         3871                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              38265951                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   4467                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          306869                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1369766                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2413                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12945                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       538318                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2192768                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         5933                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                977228                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                4326370                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                99368                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37837801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            83554                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7648768                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             5690459                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            571361                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 39650                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 5884                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         12945                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        150463                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117241                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts              267704                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts             36870822                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              9222297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           378044                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                       117147                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    14623543                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 4855012                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   5401246                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    0.531281                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                      36677243                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                     34349196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                 18314277                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                 35200184                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      0.494946                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.520289                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts        6083137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         638876                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts           231723                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     40351353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.775579                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.741147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28712298     71.16%     71.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5699883     14.13%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1888088      4.68%     89.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       980743      2.43%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       789976      1.96%     94.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       505077      1.25%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       395357      0.98%     96.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       219519      0.54%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1160412      2.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     40351353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            23685352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps              31295648                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      11431143                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                      6279002                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                     229688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   4246153                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                      3838                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 27651273                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              489419                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events              1160412                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                    75718589                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                   75736714                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                         363087                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                       28071264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.quiesceCycles                  2140090760                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   23604610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                     31214906                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total             23604610                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              2.940097                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        2.940097                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.340125                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.340125                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               171854579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               34094081                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                     3288                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                     904                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               13012931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_writes                451079                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           392190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.931857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs            3792228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           392702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs             9.656758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       7054061250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   510.931857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.997914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst      3792228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        3792228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst      3792228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total         3792228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst      3792228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total        3792228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       423961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       423961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       423961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        423961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       423961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       423961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5895815248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5895815248                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5895815248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   5895815248                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   5895815248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   5895815248                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst      4216189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      4216189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst      4216189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total      4216189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst      4216189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total      4216189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.100556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13906.503777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13906.503777                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13906.503777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13906.503777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13906.503777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13906.503777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         3717                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              174                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.362069                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        31238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        31238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        31238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        31238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst        31238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        31238                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       392723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       392723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       392723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       392723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       392723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       392723                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4798060362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4798060362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4798060362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4798060362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   4798060362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4798060362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8923500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8923500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst      8923500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      8923500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.093146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.093146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12217.416250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12217.416250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12217.416250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12217.416250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 12217.416250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12217.416250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           276315                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          459.475838                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            9261350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           276827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            33.455371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         43491250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   459.475838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.897414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.897414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5781234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5781234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3158881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3158881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       139214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       139214                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       137082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       137082                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8940115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8940115                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8940115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8940115                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       391237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       391237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data      1585894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1585894                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         8707                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8707                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         7466                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         7466                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1977131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1977131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1977131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1977131                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5519617945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5519617945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  79664471073                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  79664471073                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     90084987                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     90084987                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     45897132                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     45897132                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85184089018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  85184089018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  85184089018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  85184089018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      6172471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      6172471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4744775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4744775                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       147921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       147921                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       144548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       144548                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     10917246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     10917246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     10917246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     10917246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.063384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.334240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.058863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.058863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051651                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.051651                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.181102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.181102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.181102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.181102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14108.118468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14108.118468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50233.162540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50233.162540                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10346.271621                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10346.271621                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  6147.486204                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6147.486204                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43084.696471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43084.696471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43084.696471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43084.696471                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10884                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         8688                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              601                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets            128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.109817                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    67.875000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       256502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           256502                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       202469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       202469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1455378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1455378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          427                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total          427                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1657847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1657847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data      1657847                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1657847                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       188768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       130516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       130516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8280                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         7466                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         7466                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       319284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       319284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       319284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       319284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2415025620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2415025620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5290299960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5290299960                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     68915513                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68915513                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30963868                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30963868                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7705325580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7705325580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7705325580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7705325580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  13504357282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  13504357282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1131166881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1131166881                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data  14635524163                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  14635524163                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030582                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.027507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.055976                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055976                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051651                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051651                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12793.617668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12793.617668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 40533.727359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40533.727359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  8323.129589                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8323.129589                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4147.316903                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4147.316903                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24133.140339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24133.140339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24133.140339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24133.140339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                8777296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          7163659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect           407085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             5785994                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                4951432                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct            85.576169                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 773226                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect             42749                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_hits                           0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_misses                         0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                    42697243                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                     36228                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    6821056                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                    10680                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.dtb.flush_entries                    2016                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.dtb.align_faults                     2677                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.prefetch_faults                   313                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.dtb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.perms_faults                      642                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                42733471                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                6831736                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.inst_accesses                       0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.hits                         49518299                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.misses                          46908                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.accesses                     49565207                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_hits                     7578630                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu1.itb.inst_misses                      5358                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb                           4                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva                       0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid               1439                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     63                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu1.itb.flush_entries                    1531                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu1.itb.align_faults                        0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.prefetch_faults                     0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu1.itb.domain_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.perms_faults                     1501                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.inst_accesses                 7583988                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu1.itb.hits                          7578630                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.misses                           5358                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.accesses                      7583988                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       409868912                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          18867977                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      60276924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    8777296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           5724658                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     13120224                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                3305222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.TlbCycles                     63128                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu1.fetch.BlockedCycles              78446194                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                5050                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        41923                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles      1438516                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          233                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                  7576833                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes               547191                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2712                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         114243922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             0.645142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.969298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0               101131185     88.52%     88.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                  796172      0.70%     89.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                  937688      0.82%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1689020      1.48%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1395475      1.22%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                  568258      0.50%     93.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1928403      1.69%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                  410429      0.36%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                 5387292      4.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           114243922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.021415                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.147064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                20194584                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             79395702                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 11966487                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles               522966                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles               2164183                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.BranchResolved             1104463                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu1.decode.BranchMispred                98170                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts              69803405                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.SquashedInsts               327162                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles               2164183                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                21384110                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               34428627                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles      40773355                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 11205851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles              4287796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts              65891244                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                18827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents                669159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LSQFullEvents              3045569                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1057                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands           69207054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            302452168                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       280640301                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups             6501                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps             49057788                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                20149266                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts            444930                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        388060                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                  7871220                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            12589854                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            7931577                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          1030582                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1486229                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                  60667262                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            1158299                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                 87712047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            93594                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       13406861                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35899906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        277508                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    114243922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        0.767761                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.513174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           84413448     73.89%     73.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            8278708      7.25%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            4125885      3.61%     84.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3695285      3.23%     87.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           10373691      9.08%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            1966586      1.72%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            1039954      0.91%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             274624      0.24%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              75741      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      114243922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  32139      0.41%      0.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                   997      0.01%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%      0.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead               7551678     95.88%     96.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               291209      3.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           314062      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             36599204     41.73%     42.08% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               59264      0.07%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  9      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 1      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              7      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          1508      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            7      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     42.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            43568617     49.67%     91.83% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            7169368      8.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total              87712047                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          0.214000                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    7876023                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.089794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         297668917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         75240910                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     53134013                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              15426                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              7990                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         6798                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              95265766                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   8242                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          342419                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2834348                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3679                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17028                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1091492                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads     31919677                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       675013                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles               2164183                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               26656099                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles               359793                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           61930029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           112185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             12589854                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7931577                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            869499                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 63855                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 3879                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         17028                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        201052                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       154389                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts              355441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts             85989380                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             43067298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1722667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                       104468                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    50174734                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6912361                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7107436                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    0.209797                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                      85230326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                     53140811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                 29705560                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                 52974804                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      0.129653                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.560749                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       13285222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         880791                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts           310591                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    112079739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.397726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     95362610     85.08%     85.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8223786      7.34%     92.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2087568      1.86%     94.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1250330      1.12%     95.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1251085      1.12%     96.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       572828      0.51%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       991388      0.88%     97.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531334      0.47%     98.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1808810      1.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    112079739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            38065286                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps              48156538                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      16595591                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                      9755506                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                     190120                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   5967745                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                      6758                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 42691339                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              534627                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              1808810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.bw_limited                       0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   170668638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  125130415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                        1414400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                      295624990                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.quiesceCycles                  1799026779                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   37995647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                     48086899                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total             37995647                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                             10.787260                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                       10.787260                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.092702                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.092702                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               384897666                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               55271640                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                     5031                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                    2324                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               18454230                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_writes                405462                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           595825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          480.685801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs            6935518                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           596337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            11.630199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      74918873000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   480.685801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.938839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      6935518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        6935518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      6935518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total         6935518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      6935518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total        6935518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       641267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       641267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       641267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        641267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       641267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       641267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8704460293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8704460293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8704460293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8704460293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   8704460293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8704460293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7576785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7576785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7576785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total      7576785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7576785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total      7576785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.084636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.084636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.084636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.084636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13573.847232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13573.847232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13573.847232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13573.847232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13573.847232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13573.847232                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2595                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              176                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    14.744318                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        44906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        44906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst        44906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        44906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       596361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       596361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       596361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       596361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       596361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       596361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7105400062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7105400062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7105400062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7105400062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7105400062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7105400062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3356250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3356250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst      3356250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total      3356250                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.078709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.078709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11914.595458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11914.595458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11914.595458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11914.595458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 11914.595458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11914.595458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.inst          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           360794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          473.291027                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           12676660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           361148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            35.101011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      70967078000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   473.291027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.924397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.924397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      8309635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        8309635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      4139080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4139080                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        97568                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        97568                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        94890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        94890                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     12448715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        12448715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     12448715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       12448715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       397211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       397211                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data      1557491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1557491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        13987                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13987                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data        10584                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total        10584                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1954702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1954702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1954702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1954702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6036826508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6036826508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  80166814063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  80166814063                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    129072992                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    129072992                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     53027415                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     53027415                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  86203640571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86203640571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  86203640571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86203640571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8706846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8706846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      5696571                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5696571                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       111555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       111555                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data       105474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       105474                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     14403417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14403417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     14403417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14403417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.045621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.273409                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.273409                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.125382                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.125382                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100347                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.100347                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.135711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15198.034566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15198.034566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 51471.767133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51471.767133                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9228.068349                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9228.068349                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5010.148810                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5010.148810                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44100.656044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44100.656044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44100.656044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44100.656044                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        29197                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        19426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             3289                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets            168                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.877166                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   115.630952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       324862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           324862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       168849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       168849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1395866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1395866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1456                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1456                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1564715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1564715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data      1564715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1564715                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       228362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       228362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       161625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       161625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12531                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12531                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10581                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total        10581                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       389987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       389987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       389987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2843265804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2843265804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7240277216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7240277216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     88160756                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88160756                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     31863585                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31863585                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10083543020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10083543020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10083543020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10083543020                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 168925167755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 168925167755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  25834747063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  25834747063                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 194759914818                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 194759914818                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.026228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.028372                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028372                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.112330                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.112330                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100319                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100319                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.027076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12450.695843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12450.695843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44796.765451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44796.765451                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  7035.412657                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7035.412657                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3011.396371                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3011.396371                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25856.100383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25856.100383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25856.100383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25856.100383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                       0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 612762276058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 612762276058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd 612762276058                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 612762276058                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::realview.clcd          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                   41714                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                   48863                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
