
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.860198                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1860197780500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1860197780500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 103834                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   103834                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             3645751305                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 355004                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   510.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    52979882                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      52979882                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            963968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24878976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide        2652288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             28495232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       963968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          963968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7515456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7515456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              15062                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388734                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide           41442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                445238                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          117429                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               117429                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               518207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             13374371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide           1425810                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                15318388                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          518207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             518207                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4040138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4040138                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4040138                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              518207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            13374371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide          1425810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               19358526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        445238                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       117429                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      445238                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     117429                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 28492032                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      3200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7514752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  28495232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7515456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       50                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            179                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               28229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               27970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               28433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               28029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               27802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               27222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               27248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               27296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               27665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               27395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              27922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              27539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              27561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              28227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              28327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              28323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               8050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           8                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1860192344000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  445238                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 117429                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    332275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     66533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                     19911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      5799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                      2385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                      2335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                      1391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                      1359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                      1343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                      1445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                     1317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                     1259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                     1090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                      974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                      964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                      961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                      961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                      958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                      957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                      955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                       12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                      4574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                      4622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                      4638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                      5300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                      6023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                      5386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                      5393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                      5463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                      5529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                      4863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                     4881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                     4845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                     5670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                     5759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                     5781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     5838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     5862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     5452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                      354                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                      192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                       17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        43301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      831.507817                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     237.255649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev    1940.687281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::64-67          14819     34.22%     34.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-131         6274     14.49%     48.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::192-195         4433     10.24%     58.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-259         2614      6.04%     64.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::320-323         1636      3.78%     68.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-387         1435      3.31%     72.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::448-451          928      2.14%     74.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-515          854      1.97%     76.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::576-579          632      1.46%     77.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-643          524      1.21%     78.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::704-707          594      1.37%     80.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-771          623      1.44%     81.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::832-835          284      0.66%     82.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-899          262      0.61%     82.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::960-963          268      0.62%     83.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1027          398      0.92%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1088-1091          204      0.47%     84.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1152-1155          163      0.38%     85.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1216-1219           93      0.21%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1280-1283          193      0.45%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1344-1347          100      0.23%     86.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1408-1411          353      0.82%     87.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1472-1475          186      0.43%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1536-1539          655      1.51%     88.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1600-1603           89      0.21%     89.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1664-1667           28      0.06%     89.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1728-1731           40      0.09%     89.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1792-1795          175      0.40%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1856-1859           41      0.09%     89.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1920-1923           79      0.18%     90.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1984-1987           86      0.20%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2048-2051           82      0.19%     90.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2112-2115          104      0.24%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2176-2179           73      0.17%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2240-2243           16      0.04%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2304-2307          102      0.24%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2368-2371           26      0.06%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2432-2435           14      0.03%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2496-2499            2      0.00%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2560-2563           17      0.04%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2624-2627            4      0.01%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2688-2691           13      0.03%     91.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2752-2755           25      0.06%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2816-2819          100      0.23%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2880-2883           15      0.03%     91.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::2944-2947           67      0.15%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3008-3011           82      0.19%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3072-3075           42      0.10%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3136-3139           83      0.19%     92.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3200-3203           68      0.16%     92.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3264-3267           12      0.03%     92.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3328-3331           94      0.22%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3392-3395           22      0.05%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3456-3459            9      0.02%     92.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3520-3523            5      0.01%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3584-3587           12      0.03%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3648-3651            4      0.01%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3712-3715           11      0.03%     92.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3776-3779           22      0.05%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3840-3843           92      0.21%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3904-3907           13      0.03%     93.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::3968-3971           66      0.15%     93.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4032-4035           81      0.19%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4096-4099           40      0.09%     93.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4160-4163           80      0.18%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4224-4227           68      0.16%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4288-4291           12      0.03%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4352-4355           95      0.22%     94.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4416-4419           21      0.05%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4480-4483           10      0.02%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4544-4547            1      0.00%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4608-4611           11      0.03%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4672-4675            4      0.01%     94.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4736-4739           13      0.03%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4800-4803           21      0.05%     94.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4864-4867           92      0.21%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4928-4931           14      0.03%     94.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::4992-4995           68      0.16%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5056-5059           81      0.19%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5120-5123           35      0.08%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5184-5187           79      0.18%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5248-5251           65      0.15%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5312-5315           12      0.03%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5376-5379           98      0.23%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5440-5443           22      0.05%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5504-5507           10      0.02%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5568-5571            1      0.00%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5632-5635           12      0.03%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5760-5763           11      0.03%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5824-5827           21      0.05%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5888-5891           92      0.21%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::5952-5955           13      0.03%     95.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6016-6019           64      0.15%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6080-6083           81      0.19%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6144-6147           41      0.09%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6208-6211           82      0.19%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6272-6275           69      0.16%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6336-6339           14      0.03%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6400-6403           94      0.22%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6464-6467           21      0.05%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6528-6531            8      0.02%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6656-6659           12      0.03%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6720-6723            2      0.00%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6784-6787           10      0.02%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6848-6851           22      0.05%     97.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6912-6915           89      0.21%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::6976-6979           14      0.03%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7040-7043           66      0.15%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7104-7107           80      0.18%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7168-7171          307      0.71%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7296-7299            1      0.00%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7360-7363            1      0.00%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7424-7427           17      0.04%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7488-7491            2      0.00%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7552-7555            1      0.00%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7680-7683            5      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7808-7811            1      0.00%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7872-7875            1      0.00%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::7936-7939           16      0.04%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8064-8067            1      0.00%     98.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8128-8131            2      0.00%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8192-8195          330      0.76%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8256-8259            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8320-8323            2      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8704-8707            3      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8896-8899            1      0.00%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::8960-8963            2      0.00%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9024-9027            1      0.00%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9088-9091            1      0.00%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9216-9219            4      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9408-9411            2      0.00%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9664-9667            1      0.00%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9856-9859            1      0.00%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::9984-9987            1      0.00%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10048-10051            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10112-10115            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10240-10243            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10880-10883            1      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::10944-10947            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11008-11011            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11200-11203            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11392-11395            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11456-11459            1      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11520-11523            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11648-11651            2      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11712-11715            1      0.00%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::11776-11779            1      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12032-12035            4      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12288-12291            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12480-12483            2      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12544-12547            1      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12672-12675            2      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::12736-12739            2      0.00%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13056-13059            2      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13184-13187            2      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13248-13251            2      0.00%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13312-13315            4      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13376-13379            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13440-13443            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13632-13635            1      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13696-13699            7      0.02%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::13888-13891            1      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14208-14211            4      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14336-14339            3      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14400-14403            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14656-14659            2      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::14848-14851            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15168-15171            1      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15360-15363           40      0.09%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15424-15427            2      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15488-15491            2      0.00%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::15808-15811            2      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16064-16067            1      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16128-16131            1      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16192-16195            1      0.00%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16256-16259            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16320-16323            1      0.00%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::16384-16387          174      0.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          43301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                     8362787000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               15768695750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2225940000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.totBankLat                  5179968750                       # Total ticks spent accessing banks
system.physmem.avgQLat                       18784.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBankLat                    11635.46                       # Average bank access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  35420.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          15.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       15.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        4.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         0.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        11.24                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     424550                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     94755                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   95.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3306027.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      92.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem.prechargeAllPercent               0.39                       # Percentage of time for which DRAM has all the banks in precharge state
system.membus.throughput                     19401389                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              295980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9598                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            117429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             182                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            156823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           156823                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       884143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total       917357                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1042036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30701632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30745780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5309056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      5309056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            36054836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               36054836                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus            35584                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            29837500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1551324500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               96500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3763216294                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy          376313495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.261116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1710341603000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.261116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078820                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_misses::total           41552                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21133883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21133883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12974928560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12974928560                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12996062443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total  12996062443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  12996062443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total  12996062443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteReq_accesses::total         41552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 122161.173410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122161.173410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 312257.618406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 312257.618406                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 311469.441414                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 311469.441414                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 311469.441414                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 311469.441414                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        401483                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                29284                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.709978                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     12136883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12136883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10812648570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10812648570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10824785453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10824785453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide  10824785453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10824785453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 70155.393064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70155.393064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 260219.690268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 260219.690268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 259431.646567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259431.646567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 259431.646567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259431.646567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                13863448                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          11631259                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            399718                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9400932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 5821857                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             61.928509                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  906521                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              39211                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9926517                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      41406                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           531                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   940700                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6593963                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                     10630                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          410                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  338096                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     16520480                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      52036                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           941                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1278796                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     1306353                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                     36823                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                         1069                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 1343176                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                        121966998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           28067964                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                       70813073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    13863448                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches            6728378                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                      13263425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1999195                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.BlockedCycles               38181411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                33091                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        255000                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles       364206                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          297                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   8556045                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                264477                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples           81457086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              0.869330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.212823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                 68193661     83.72%     83.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                   852857      1.05%     84.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                  1696439      2.08%     86.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                   825181      1.01%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2758325      3.39%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                   561473      0.69%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                   645881      0.79%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1010308      1.24%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                  4912961      6.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total             81457086                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.113666                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.580592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 29256938                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles              37863691                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                  12127839                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                959156                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                1249461                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.BranchResolved               584263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu.decode.BranchMispred                 42640                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts               69481989                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.SquashedInsts                129319                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                1249461                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 30407522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                14148846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       20005990                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                  11332374                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles               4312891                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts               65679549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                  7211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                 504797                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LSQFullEvents               1541440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands            43855166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups              79746051                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups         79567055                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups            166544                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps              38180329                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                  5674829                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts            1682909                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         240455                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  12257327                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             10441163                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores             6908790                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1318239                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores           851396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                   58211664                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             2050007                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                  56814932                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            114609                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined         6922962                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3587498                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        1389025                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      81457086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.697483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.359485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0            56746030     69.66%     69.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            10887232     13.37%     83.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             5162469      6.34%     89.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             3392471      4.16%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4             2625915      3.22%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             1461124      1.79%     98.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6              753330      0.92%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7              332031      0.41%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8               96484      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total        81457086                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                   91940     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 373423     47.20%     58.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                325849     41.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              7286      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu              38737583     68.18%     68.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                61738      0.11%     68.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     68.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd               25607      0.05%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     68.35% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                3636      0.01%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             10357242     18.23%     86.58% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             6672763     11.74%     98.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess             949077      1.67%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total               56814932                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.465822                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                      791212                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.013926                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          195300199                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes          66861892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     55573336                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads              692571                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes             336551                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       327871                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses               57237458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                  361400                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads           598272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1348718                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3201                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       530806                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        17937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        182742                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                1249461                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                10237116                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                702035                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts            63785040                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            690324                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              10441163                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts              6908790                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            1805677                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 512237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                 17569                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          14139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         202047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       411314                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               613361                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts              56348369                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts               9996094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            466562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                       3523369                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     16615920                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                  8927027                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    6619826                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.461997                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                       56016387                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                      55901207                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                  27709617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                  37531222                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.458331                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.738308                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts         7496348                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          660982                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            568504                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     80207625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.700316                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.629380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     59390670     74.05%     74.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8659340     10.80%     84.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4620197      5.76%     90.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2517886      3.14%     93.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1507376      1.88%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       612052      0.76%     96.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       525608      0.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       522089      0.65%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1852407      2.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     80207625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts             56170683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps               56170683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       15470429                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                       9092445                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      226358                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                    8439899                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                     324384                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                  52020266                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls               740581                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               1852407                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.bw_limited                        0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                    141772543                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                   128585215                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                         1193212                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                        40509912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3598422122                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                    52979882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                      52979882                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total              52979882                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               2.302138                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         2.302138                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.434379                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.434379                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                 73881277                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                40316653                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                    166009                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                   167434                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                 1986207                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                 938984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.iobus.throughput                       1454553                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51150                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51150                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.tot_pkt_size::total              2705756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.data_through_bus                 2705756                       # Total data (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              4663000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               353000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                 9000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              155000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            13484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1887000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              184000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               76000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           377738948                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               30000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23458000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            42679505                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.throughput               111941811                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq        2118263                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2118167                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9598                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9598                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::Writeback       840743                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           64                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           66                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       342536                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       300985                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           79                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2020543                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      3677710                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           5698253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     64653440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    143572596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.tot_pkt_size::total      208226036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.data_through_bus         208215988                       # Total data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_data_through_bus        17920                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     2480284498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       235500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1518802860                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2192631666                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1009602                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.660060                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             7489391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1010110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              7.414431                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       26489829250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   509.660060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.995430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.995430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      7489392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         7489392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       7489392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          7489392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      7489392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         7489392                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1066652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1066652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1066652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1066652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1066652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1066652                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14896343949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14896343949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14896343949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  14896343949                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  14896343949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  14896343949                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      8556044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8556044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      8556044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      8556044                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      8556044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      8556044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.124666                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.124666                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.124666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.124666                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13965.514478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13965.514478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13965.514478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13965.514478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13965.514478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13965.514478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4660                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               199                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.417085                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        56319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        56319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        56319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        56319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        56319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1010333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1010333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1010333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1010333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1010333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1010333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12206065633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12206065633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12206065633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12206065633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12206065633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12206065633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.118084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12081.230281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12081.230281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12081.230281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12081.230281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12081.230281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12081.230281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           338298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65338.001327                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            2546240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           403465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             6.310932                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       5511908750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 53847.908430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  5309.513440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  6180.579458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.821654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.081017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.094308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst       995146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data       827013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total        1822159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::writebacks       840743                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits::total       840743                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           26                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       185570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       185570                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       995146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1012583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2007729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       995146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1012583                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2007729                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        15064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       273814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total       288878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       115414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       115414                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        15064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       389228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        404292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        15064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       389228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       404292                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1218545993                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17819527728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  19038073721                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       262498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       262498                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        22999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        22999                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9547009857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9547009857                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1218545993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  27366537585                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  28585083578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1218545993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  27366537585                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  28585083578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1010210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1100827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2111037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       840743                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses::total       840743                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           64                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       300984                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       300984                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1010210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1401811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2412021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1010210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1401811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2412021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248735                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.136842                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.593750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.593750                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.277661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.167615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.277661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.167615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80891.263476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65078.950412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65903.508474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data  6907.842105                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6907.842105                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        22999                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        22999                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82719.686147                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82719.686147                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80891.263476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70309.786513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70704.054441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80891.263476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 70309.786513                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70704.054441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        75917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            75917                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       273814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       288877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       115414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       115414                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       389228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       404291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        15063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       389228                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       404291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1028470757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14406345772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15434816529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       532033                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       532033                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8124534143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8124534143                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1028470757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22530879915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23559350672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1028470757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  22530879915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23559350672                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1333940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1333940000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1882589500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1882589500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3216529500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3216529500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014911                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.248735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.136841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.593750                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014911                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.277661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.277661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68277.949744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 52613.620092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53430.409929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14000.868421                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14000.868421                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        10001                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70394.702055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70394.702055                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68277.949744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57886.071698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58273.250386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68277.949744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 57886.071698                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58273.250386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1401219                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.994567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            11810743                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1401731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              8.425827                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          25477000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.994567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7205308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7205308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      4203634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        4203634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       186044                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       186044                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       215517                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       215517                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      11408942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         11408942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     11408942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        11408942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1806790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1806790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      1944128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      1944128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        22738                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        22738                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3750918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3750918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3750918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3750918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  40335866684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  40335866684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  77256495609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  77256495609                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    322518001                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    322518001                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu.data        39001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total        39001                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 117592362293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 117592362293                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 117592362293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 117592362293                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      9012098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9012098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6147762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6147762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       208782                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       208782                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       215519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       215519                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15159860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15159860                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15159860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15159860                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.200485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.200485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.316233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.316233                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.108908                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.108908                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000009                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.247424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.247424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.247424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.247424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 22324.601467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22324.601467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39738.379165                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39738.379165                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 14184.097150                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14184.097150                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 19500.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19500.500000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31350.288727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31350.288727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31350.288727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31350.288727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3041849                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          733                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             98391                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    30.915927                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   104.714286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       840743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            840743                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       722826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       722826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1643736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      1643736                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         5220                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         5220                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2366562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      2366562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      2366562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      2366562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1083964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1083964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       300392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       300392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17518                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17518                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1384356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1384356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1384356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1384356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  27183263254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27183263254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11761438359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11761438359                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    200916999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200916999                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        34999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        34999                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38944701613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38944701613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  38944701613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38944701613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1424030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1424030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1997779498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1997779498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   3421809498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3421809498                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.048862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048862                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.083906                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.083906                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091317                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091317                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25077.643957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25077.643957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 39153.633782                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39153.633782                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 11469.174506                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11469.174506                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 17499.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17499.500000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28131.999004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28131.999004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28131.999004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28131.999004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total          inf                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6442                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211017                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74665     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     41.04% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1880      1.03%     42.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105572     57.93%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182248                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73298     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1880      1.27%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73298     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                148607                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1818029044000     97.73%     97.73% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                64103000      0.00%     97.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               561251500      0.03%     97.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             41542545500      2.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1860196944000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981692                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.694294                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.815411                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4176      2.18%      2.18% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175131     91.23%     93.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6784      3.53%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5105      2.66%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 191976                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5852                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1740                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2095                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1910                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1740                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   170                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.326384                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.081146                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.394343                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        29636227500      1.59%      1.59% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           2736556500      0.15%      1.74% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1827824152000     98.26%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4177                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
